---
granola_id: 89a8a09c-d2ff-4b4c-ade3-e3b27182c7fa
granola_type: transcript
type: meeting
domain:
  - product-management
status: active
ai-context: Full transcript of pro future discussion - transcript.
context: the-block
created: 2026-03-31
source: granola-sync
attendees:
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - ctynes@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Pro Future Discussion.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Pro Future Discussion

## Attendees
- Ed Rupkus (erupkus@theblock.co)
- ctynes (ctynes@theblock.co)

### Guest (2026-03-31T15:31:01.495Z)

Hey. Hello. Hello.

### Sean (2026-03-31T15:31:11.564Z)

Again.

### Guest (2026-03-31T15:31:13.735Z)

How are you doing? Not too bad. How about yourself? Sean, I don't know. We've had the chance to meet yet. I don't think. Nice to meet you. Man.

### Sean (2026-03-31T15:31:23.964Z)

Nice to meet you as well. Yeah, thank you for joining us.

### Guest (2026-03-31T15:31:27.255Z)

Absolutely. Sean's our helper since the fall. Helping myself and Matt out with all things campus pro and everything in between. Yeah. So the reason we schedule this call is to quickly have a chat about. Pro. Obviously, you saw that I was sending, sending you a bunch of questions and was requesting data and some insights on the current situation on pro. And that's not accidental. We're doing investigation. Into pro and basically trying to come up with recommendation to the future CEO. What proposed plan would be going forward once they, once they come in. So, yes, we just basically are trying to figure out if. What we have on Pro, obviously, like, we have something. If it's worth salvaging or when we, if we do it and we do it from scratch, what should we keep? And, you know, what to focus on? So, yeah, just wanted to basically, instead of just chatting on the DMS. And now they just speak. And answer any questions or, like, just hear out your perspectives and what you've been hearing, but that, you know, doesn't, that hasn't had a chance to necessarily translate it into product features. So. Yeah. I guess maybe we could start just, like, on the, on the. Like, past experiences, like one, one while we were at the glory days of pro in 2022, 23. Obviously the research part of it was the bread and butter, but then sort of like, you know. Died down. So. What were your, what were your thoughts? And, like, obviously market forces do the things that market forces do. But. What do you think went wrong? In, in the fold for the past four years, essentially. Yeah. So my timeline wise context are very short, so I, I join right before FTX. So whatever that was, it was like 35 years ago. Like, right before FTX. I think you and Craig grief, if I'm wrong, we were only doing research and news at that time. Like, if you logged into pro, it was just the research. It was just the news. We had some kickers on the news, if you want to say, like the news would get there a little bit faster. To pro before it got to dot co. A few things like that. But it was very simple research. News. The research offering was a ton. Like, it was a ton of reports coming out. I'd say we had six to eight regard Cadence weekly pieces, and then you'd have some other ones tossed into. So it was, it was a good stream. Of resources coming in. And mind you, the environment of, of that time, you know, we were extremely young as an industry. We still are. But that was what five years ago there's no ETFs, there was no guidance, there was no, we, we weren't full Cyberpunk mode at that point, so there wasn't a lot of legitimate. Brands companies, whatever you want to call it, doing research and stuff like that at that level, that credibility and that brand recognition. So that's how it started. We slowly, I think we. I think we started transitioning to the full Pro platform. Because it was just a block research. Before FTX, I want to say. Is that correct? Yeah. So we added data in first. We added funding as well, funding at some point was in the air table. We weren't even offering it. Clients wanted it super bad. Like wanted it bad, bad enough they were paying for the air table again, goes back to the idea that we were essentially the only company with a legitimate brand queuing. VC funding specifically for crypto at a high level. The data stuff was still very new. It was kind of the same idea we have now. We've always trended towards the more institutional. Skewed high level data compared to, like massari, who's always done them very, very detailed on chain and, and ecosystem protocol specific data. So we've always kind of had that high level. The, the research as well was also institutional skewed compared to maybe like a extremely, extremely on change beauty, if you want to say that. So we were selling huge contracts right before fdx. And I mean, like, one of my favorite stories is maybe it was animoca, someone else, an nft company. Was like, we need like 30 licenses. It's not a huge deal. Like how many people on your team, like five, but we're gonna grow. Obviously, that didn't work. I mean, some of the, if you go back and look at, I wish I could have screenshots from hubspot with some of those contracts. They were absurd. People buying. Six figure packages, 10 seats, let's say 10, 20 seats, they have a third of those field right now planning to grow. And then they buy 20 service hours on top of it. Just what are you going to use a service out for? I don't know. Something. I want to fly off. I mean, we've got something that will come up. So the demand was huge then. Now with the caveat that I just said. You know, a lot of that, that demand was planning expectations. Whatever it may be. And a lot of that was those companies like animoca. If you gave me a decade to try to figure out how animoca get value out of any iteration of pro, I probably couldn't do it. There was just no one. For them to go to that had a legitimate research team, legitimate data team, newsroom. Combined into one with a brand and credibility behind it. So we had clients across the board, every sector, every denomination, every demographic, every size, whatever it may be. FTX happens. Market downturns, and then we all notice the past bull market, you know, the industry did not get that bull market outside of the coin prices like everyone else did. And so we went through a ton of right sizing. So we antimocas are dropping off. You're extremely crypto native protocols are dropping off. So, I mean, protocol is doing defi stuff. Protocol is doing purpose writing Builders actually building stuff with those really lean teams dropping off as well. But the people that right size and stayed were those institutional Focus, you know, tried five coming into crypto people. Where a lot of our research was extremely relevant to them. You know, what is staking? Okay. Ethereum's having a new upgrade. What, what are, what is a four upgrade? What does that matter for ethereum as a whole? While the other companies, you know, your animocus, your Traders, you're more crypto native people. They want, I mean, I remember we spun up a series called surgery for Alpha, like an alpha series, one of our most popular series. It only came out, like, once a week, once a month or so. But that's what the crypto native people wanted. It's not really what we positioned everything else for, you know? So over the time we right size to the point we're at now where we fit. Really well. For the people that are just, frankly, not as crypto knowledgeable as some. So your institutions. With smaller teams that need a high level data. Who's a, who's a good example? Like, ripple just, just resign their, their agreement. Cuba research is a, is a great example. They just up their seat count. You know, they don't need to know. How many new tokens are launching on pump fun a day. They don't need to know about, they would love to know about hip three and you know what hyper liquid's doing and that their OI is huge. Take it away. Perfect share, but they don't need to know about, you know, kinetic on hyper liquid and LST. You know, those high level overviews. Of what's happening around the space. Specifically at that, you know, that bridge between try to find crypto hyperliquids are great example of that because that's probably the main one currently where they need to know poly marketing. Call she get examples as well. They need to know where these areas are touching. Where they're crossing over. And then learn about new terms, sectors, Etc. As it comes important. So CNN is a good example. The Spanish regulators. Historically deal with fintech cryptos fell under their umbrella now. Completely not crypto native. They've been with us for, I think, three years now. So a good example is January this year. Staking came across their desk. A few companies, a few bills, whatever it may be. And they need to get very up to speed for staking. What do they do? They go back and look at our historical research. They call us, we get on a phone call, Stephen, Brandon, someone else gets on there. They do a quick q a very rudimentary foundational knowledge of what staking is, the major players, how it's developing and what's going on in the space. And then they move on to the next thing. Same side of, same thing on the data side, bitwise, one of our biggest data clients. They love our data. They love it for their quarterly reports, monthly reports. Feed it into some of their dashboards with the API now. And, I mean, they use their crypto team users or data relentlessly. However, it's all high level stuff. It's all stable coin flows. It's all exchange volume. Bitcoin ETF volume. So again, it's the institutional high level data. That they need. And it's with that lesser requirement of they don't need high, high latency, you know, live data. They're not trading on an algo. They don't need that really intensive data. Perfectly fine with dollars. Updates on accountants grabs it, does the reporting there. So that's kind of the story of how we write size and how those right size fit in for people. It's the very. High level people crypto curious, if you want to call it, that are either in a role that is integrating some crypto into it, integrating or being forced to integrate. So you know, these great example, you know, they didn't plan on covering crypto. But now they have to have something. You've got your bitwises who need really good data. They need a ton of it. However, they don't need anything past. I mean, bitwise only offers their ETFs. I think bitcoin and ethereum right now. They don't need data on any data outside of top 20. Probably. And really what they're focused on is stable coins and Bitcoin and eth. And that's about it. So that's been the journey of the right size. Again, got super inflated by, I think, just bull market. Like, it was just bull market days, early industry things. It was a party. It was nuts. I, I don't think it'd be crazy to say I have no basis on this. It's just a guess. 25 of the companies that signed a really big deal or any deal when I first started or probably not in existence now. At least. So we, we, the plan then also, you know, the words, and this was old leadership, the words, you know, the Bloomberg of crypto got thrown around a lot, and obviously that was absurd. But the idea was to be an institutional staple. And a lot of times we tried to toe that line, I think, too much. You know, like the searching for alpha series, not an institutional. We probably shouldn't even included it, but it was trying to appease kind of both those parties there. We've shuffled out. We're much more on the track five of crypto bridge. I mean, we're just not going to compete with doom. Or amber data when it comes to that very happy, intensive data. We found a niche. It's perfect. Now it's. It's what do we give them now? You know, like, we, we got what they want currently they're renewing for it. They're happy with it because, again, you know, the thing that kind of killed the research was the industry growing. You can get research like that anywhere now. Substack X, whatever it may be from sources that have now been doing it for several years that are free and accessible back then, there was just nowhere to get research. Like there was actually good and legitimate and you knew no one was paying for behind the scene models. Too. Exactly. But it's impossible to tie, you know, Roi to that research as well. I mean, we heard that. We heard that a ton. Like, hey, how can I tie ROI to this research report? Well, you really can't, you know, like, yeah, you just can't. It's a nice to have. And that's the theme we always fall back on. With those churning clients was it's nice to have you guys. I have the sake of the market turns. Second week up budgets and get cut with it. So it was, it was always the challenge Pro always faced was becoming a need to have compared to a nice to have and that need to have kind of emerged as these, you know, tradfi and institutional focused people needed to have something, just something to, to either bolster their new and growing team or just to take a little bit of the work off of, you know, smaller teams. That's more traditional places like a JP Morgan. That's got one my center, Etc. That's been kind of the journey. We fleshed out now where data by far the biggest hit, no question. Flexibility and ability to add new stuff is huge. I mean, cow poly market. I've got a ton of calls on that. The stable coin stuff is always huge, especially like Simon and Tiago's ability to get some or, or some assumptions and get different views on stable coin data that other people just won't take the time to do and effort to do. And their ability to work with the clients as well closely is a big plus back in the day. We had such a big client pool. That we would protect them. If you want to say protect them a lot more than I do now, meaning we basically just hid the research data teams like you have to pay and get access to them. Well, then, you know, that's the, they're the talent here. You know, that's what people here for research and data. And whether that be face to face. Or, you know, just through me getting specific data, whatever it may be, as we've gotten more open with that, frankly, as I threw them around more to retain people, it's very sticky. I've seen them be, they wouldn't sign another deal for pro. They're like, we have to have monthly goals. With the team. It's like, yeah, perfect. Sure. If you guys want bitwise, does it under custom stuff? So you've got us fleshed out now where you got your self service ones that are using the data, the high level to do, you know, daily, monthly, quarterly activities, reviews, keeping up with the market as a whole. You got the people that are more intensive and education focused. There's some service hour people that want access to our research and data teams and their professional opinions. And then you've got a third bucket, you know, that kind of uses it. They need something, but they're not very intensive users right now. And then when I say that first bucket of data, people will just include people that like the venture capital data as well. It. S still awesome. It still meets that niche of being like, if you look at masari's, I think they're the ones that bought dove data or whatever it was, include token ghost and whatnot in theirs. I've got a lot. Of retaining accounts and then got a couple new ones over the months of being like, hey, man, you want token sell data in your VC funding or do you want like a professional tool that doesn't have meme coins in it? So people still want that. Okay. I think that was context from start. To now. I know that was a little rambling. Any questions, any holes there? Yeah. Like from your conversations with the current ones that we, that we still have, you know, in contact with what are the problems that they always talk about that would potentially, like, might not be solving right now. Like, obviously we satisfy a lot of their needs or their Niche questions, but, like, I think it's pretty obvious that for this day and age and the crypto Market, we need to focus on this, like, like you said, the, the companies that are trad five, they're kind of curious in crypto, but don't know where to go, where to start. So, like. In my eyes, from all the conversations we've had, it seems like data is the main thing that sort of attracts them and is that, like, need to have, I guess, but then all the other stuff, like the hand holding and the educational stuff and answering these questions or providing this, like, other. Ad hoc data would be like the stuff that keeps. Them happy and comfy. What is, what is it that, like. Another bank, I don't know, like visa, for example, or somebody like paypal, for example, like what, what would get them to, to talk to us? Or, like, what, what is. The, those companies are looking for or need that we could solve for them. Conversations. That you had? There's definitely the low hanging fruit. Okay, we kind of talked about it, a tool that can. Kind of like the token terminal tool. What we have now in Simon, but upgraded something that can quickly summarize book data research and news for them to give them that full picture. Obviously, just, just better than what we have now. I think data is huge on that as well. I don't. Think you could be understated, especially for a big segment of clients. How awesome it would be for them to be able to go, hey, Pull this for me and it'll pull directly. Like, hey, give me. Per decks to sex ratio the past, you know, month, and it'll pull that data for them immediately. Boom. There it is. Ready to go. So some of those more functionality things, I, I think helps in it. And not, that's not even on the content side, just having a tool like that, I think would be huge for the one, the data people. I think the data integration is big. Like I told you, when we introduced that, people like, this is really cool. Does it do data in VC funding? Like what now? Well, it's cool. But I'd like that. That was the first thing I heard across the board. So I think that's huge for the data people. Two, I think that's huge for, for your trap five people going, hey, you know. I've, I've been blissfully unaware about prediction markets. I need a full update. Give me your full scope of prediction markets. And when it pulls that, it's going to pull news. You'll pull any, you know, historical research we might have data and insights at least. And then it'll also pull data on it to support that. And you get a really, really good full, comprehensive list. You essentially would get what Stephen. And Brendan would give someone on a call in that sense. You're going to get the full breakdown. If it's good enough, they're going to be able to pinpoint certain sections of it and go staking is a good example, you know, seeing them being used us for that conversation. But the questions were extremely simple. Let me tell you what is staking. Okay, cool. Here's my full recap. Okay. Who are the major players? Cool. If I ask that, it's going to pull. Those answers for me. It's going to pull data to support it as well. We're interesting. Why is salana seeing so much more activity than this? That's not a question you can ask our lately. It's extremely opinion. It's not really opinion based, but it takes a lot of context. To pull in there. Exactly. But if you've got a tool in there that can open or at least give direction to some of those open ended questions, I mean, claw can do that currently to give it at least a somewhat good prompt. Then I think that's a huge value add of a feature side of things. Other features. Are. It's hard with the trad five people because they want everything you can't get. Like they want. Steps on the moon. Taken for a day sort of. Can you give me all this black box stablecoin data? No, man, I just can't. Like, I can't like, like we can find creative ways to get around it. And do other things, but I cannot tell you how much usdc was spent on close this past year. I just can't do it. Like, it's impossible. To do. Now on the other side of that coin. When we do get really good data, such as calcium poly markets, a great example, the family office. Book a meeting with me is probably a couple months ago, talked to him for a while. He was like, no one has these cows in poly market comparisons like you do. The, the amount you do, the data you do, the breakdown you do, could you get even more detailed on it? I mean, the other was like, yeah, we absolutely could. He was like, there's literally no one on the market that would give me this data. Again, great example of when crypto starts touching in the trad five a little bit. The guy was like, we don't trade crypto at all. Like, we look at it, but we, we don't really trade it prediction Market, though. We're very interested. Conversation stopped, though, because we didn't get couchy data through the API. So again, this is a beat of that horse. Maybe I'm, I'm the customer asking for stablecoin data. But just having everything accessible through the API is huge. Like, it's gigantic. I know there's probably some cases where we just literally can't do it. But I think that would be a big, big ad for some of those data sets that only we are doing at a high level. That bridge that Gap. And then we're able to provide that data immediately. RWAs was another example. You know, we provided some good data. They pulled it. We added it back. It was just like. To have that data immediately accessible through the API is huge. I don't know how fees are for that. Stuff. So were you saying that cow sheet, we can't serve cows? You did them the API? Because of the. Yeah, because of the whatever obligations that we have. Yeah. So, like, maybe that's me asking for black box data. But, I mean, I. Probably, I probably had three conversations the past four months with people that would have bought the API if we could have gave them cow sheet data. Through it. So there's a lot of those where. Again, the traffic thing's hard and easy at the same time. They're not focused on a trillion things on crypto natives are. You know, if you're building a tool for me, I need. Four different tokens for the video systems and you always data immediately. If you're building it for them today, it's, it's legitimately your top five coins. Hyper liquid data. Maybe rwas, they don't even talk about that anymore. And then, like, stable coins and prediction markets, it's really like four or five things. That's it. However, that stuff is so hard. To get at the level they wanted at. Now. Ways we do stuff like that. Like there, there's, you were talking about payment providers, MasterCard. We did service. One of the service hour projects was. We won't get the product team. They're obviously building out crypto product, the product team. It wants to take that back internally. But essentially what they do, probably team comes to us, goes, hey, we think this is an issue. We want to take it back and turn away to, you know, the larger overall product team and propose it. We need data to support it. Example was they wanted to see how many, how much money tokens is getting sent to exchanges that don't list those or to wallets, yada, yada. Worked with them on that. Gave them the data, and they're going to integrate protection tool, whatever you want to call it, that, that will autofill, just protect their users when it comes to that kind of stuff. But that's extremely custom. You know, that's very custom. Maybe that's something you write about. Maybe that's a report you release. I don't know. But that's a really good example of how these trad 5 teams got to be building out tools. Or using current leader research and data team. It's, it's a way to, to market us, if anything, and it's a way to spread knowledge, just a way to. It's something they should probably live on. The marketing page, you know, once you have people step foot in it, they come across and they can build the. Yeah, the cabalate there. They're like, oh, maybe they could help us with our X, Y and Z. So, yeah, yeah. My main problem is like, what is the differentiator that, like. Yeah, we need to find the differentiator that moves Pro from a nice to have to a must have. And it's only, it only has gotten tougher since 2022 because, like, all the AI models have come out with, like, our super powerful. And, and. Data, like the, the industry has matured. So the data is like so many different providers offer many different levels of it. And the wish for it is not as like the main point is have died off and, like, the whole frenzy has that up as well. So it's gotten tougher on more fronts. And to me, it's like, what do we bring to a meeting with, you know, the visas and the paypals and, like, what do we say? It's like, hey, you cannot live without this. Like, this is absolutely needed for your day-to-day and I just can't put my finger on. It. No, and it's, and it's hard. It's almost harder because we, we know what they want and know what we need, but, but it's things that are legitimately impossible to deliver. Like, like if we, if we could get all that stable coin data they want, we'd be a trillion dollar company today, but no one can get that data. So no one can provide it. On that front. So, so it is hard. Like the. What they need is not complicated. It's actually extremely simple. It's just replicating it. Maybe it's, maybe it's the, the, the Simon bot is that beefed up. And we spent, we pour enough resources into it. So that a master cord could use that instead of using, you know, Steven and, and the team when they come to us with questions. And, and stuff like that. And maybe they get 90 of their, their, their project thesis, whatever it is completed and, and our team does the 10% of the data pool that's on the back end. Of that or, or maybe it's. Maybe it's a system we build where we feel, you know, very custom data request in a much more efficient mass manner. At scale. But, but again, and this was the issue we had back then as well. It kind of was the idea for campus as a whole was that the, the biggest value we could give was to these companies was a lot of the time. To research a data teams, custom work, whether that be an entire bespoke project or just a, you know, Simon Thiago did something not too long ago, and Stephen. Where someone wanted to know. What parts of the world were using stable coins, the most obviously can't find the data. So they took time stamps of when volume was being done, certain stable coins. And what very broad assumptions assumed what parts of the world were doing that amount of volume, that percentage of volume. And stable coins, that's one of one. Like, like no one else is spending the time to do that for a client where who knows how much money, not huge. Also, no one else will, will take those assumptions and actually do that. So it was always the problem of replicating. Those moments. Getting them in front of everyone consistently, getting people to leverage the team. And one of the biggest problems I've had forever is being like, hey, why aren't you using, I get to a renewal call and I'll use it. We wanted to do this and that. It's like our team could have done that for you 10 times over. Why won't you call me? These are active clients that would, that would. Like. Not now. Now it's bad now. But I still want to, once a quarter minimum. Meet up with someone, talk to someone, and they're like, yeah, we got this gun. I'm like, we can do that. Just send me an email. And it's done in a week. So, so it's, it was that, that was the idea behind connect. Was like, hey, just continue making ways for them to want to talk with the team, work with the team, do stuff like that. That never took off. But it's, it's hard because there's not a ton of features. You know, it's not, it's not a huge, like people used to ask for token unlock schedules a lot. We don't give a anymore. I used to ask for this or that. Don't care anymore. It's hard because if people like, hey, if you added a couple features, it'd be perfect. It's not really it. Yeah. Hey, give me this data. Literally no one else in the world can get for me. Right. And also, also narrative change too, like productive market prediction markets. Like, it also will be probably a past tense and like a year and a half because it's just, that's how fast everything moves. So, like, you know, there's hip4 puts polymarket and cows out of business in six months. And it's just not a thing anymore. You know? Exactly. Yeah. Pardon me. Yeah. I don't know. Part of me thinks maybe we're not just thinking big enough. Maybe we need to completely out of the box and, like, just. Go, go at this problem, like a completely different angle. But I just. Yeah. Don't know what that is yet. So we have to. Sorry. You have to. Bang our heads together and try to see, like, what which, which of these. Core features is something that would apply? Like, I think it's a salad of everything. It's a combination of many different things. You need great marketing to really. Like, speak well about the things that you do well. You need to make a platform that's usable and doesn't have glitches and doesn't look like it's 2005 when you're in it. You need, you need, obviously, the abundance of data and the research expertise we kind of have is just, you know, we need to pay attention to it. And, and really position ourselves well. And then you, you know, you put all those things together and then, you know, maybe you're at the point where we can, we can walk into a call and say, hey. Here's what we have, and this is how we could help your, help your business. Look at, look at what we've done with previous client interaction. So. And maybe it's like me and you, me and you've had a ton of conversations over you. It started with the funding data. Like, we got the funding data in there. People loved it. It was great. And then we realized quickly that engineer, whoever built it and not, you know, this is what they were told to do. It wasn't, you know, mistakes or anything. We realized that a lot of people or a lot of the categories, whatnot, we're going to need to be updated and change constantly. Whether that just be terminology, whether that be complete, you know, narrative and, and sector changes, whatever it may be, we quickly realize, like, maybe it was d pen rwas. It was rwas, like tokenized assets. Turned into rwas became a host bill. We just realized, you know, the. The. DC funding page and pro as a whole wasn't a very easily adaptable product. You know, maybe the idea is the whole thing easily adaptable. Maybe for six months it. Put Block Pro and log on the homepage and it's all prediction markets. It's everything you could ever want prediction Market wise, obviously still holding all the other stuff we have in there. And then six more months. It's nothing but Quantum Computing info. Like, it's extremely, extremely focused, like an adaptable tool. It's a, it's what's happening today. Tool. And then you got the rest of it shoved away. Now, if you're trying to do that for a crypto Centric audience, you, you die. Or, or engineering team blow up in a month because of how quick stuff changes. Have you been doing that for a trap by audience? Like, you think about it since 2023. If you do that, what you're hitting would be ETFs. It would have been nfts first. It would have been nfts first nfts. ETFs. Meme coins, but not deep, not deep. It would not have been. Like, hey, let me get all the 50 mil runners and so on of this week. It would have been extremely overarching, you know, more leaning on what it means for tradfi. So you would have done nfts, ETFs memes. And salan. A, you did on rwa is kind of like it wasn't even too in depth. And the idea of tokenized assets is already drawn out, so that's not huge. Then you're doing. After rwa prediction markets. And hyper liquid. So since 2023, you're, you're under eight topics. Like, if you're doing crypto specific, you would have had five AI runs. You'd had four different hyper liquid run. It would have just been a much more. Intensive, quick changing. Experiment if you're doing that. If you're just doing the triad five Centric stuff. It's much more attainable to go, hey, your homepage this week or this, this quarter is nothing but prediction Market data. Like hyper liquid has its gold weekend. And it has a dual weekend a few months later. And between those prediction markets, you're doing hip three. A week. Maybe it's a very adaptive tool. That goes, hey, this is exactly what's going on. You keep all of our research tucked away deep away. In there on its own tab. So people that do want the historical data and or historical. Information can go back and look at it from there. They can use or upgraded Simon bot and get the full breakdown for whatever it is. Maybe it's a very. Instead of being a very not rudimentary, very sedentary tool like the Bloomberg terminal, which it's not. It changes data and stuff, but, but it's the same thing always, you know what I mean? Maybe it's a much more flexible. Platform. That changes. It's something. It's something that we can go to market with and say if you're on, we're a platform that will keep you up to speed on everything that's happening. So, like, we'll, we'll change with the market. And you need, like, if, if you want to stay with the market news and this and the, Recent developments and narratives, you need to subscribe to us. And if you have any other additional, like needs, if, if, if these changes and these narratives impact your business and your, like, bottom line, then we can even offer you more help. And can offer data, we can offer Niche Consulting. As well. I could, I could get behind that. Maybe that's the angle. Like, hey, whatever is that? Because, again, you do that for crypto specific. It's not going to work. It's too much. It's just not, it's not, and it's not who we are. Maybe that's it. Because, again, none of that is extremely intensive. We cover that already in the data type of things and having news already covering all of the key moments. It's just such a huge boost. For us. I mean, if you're building a bot, that, that will be that. You know, that tool that keeps people around when we're already pumping our news in. There's no need to go get other news and pull that in. There's no need to scrape shitty news on eggs and do other stuff. We got the best use there is. Extreme speeds here. Already. And when you're catering, as you continue to cater more to the institutional people, again, I think it's. I think it's harder to get them at scale, maybe, but it's easier to make it sticky. Like, once they have us, we, we got them. Like, once they have us and they meet us and, you know, they have a legitimate case for more than one person on their team. It's not, as you can see, you know, once we write size, these people stay, I've still got a ton of clients that don't really use it that much, but they're institutional and they're big businesses and 16k is nothing out of their budget. They just re day every year. So once you get in with these people, it's picky. Not going to change a lot. There's not going to be a huge need to change a bunch of stuff. We're not going to really be stepping out of what we are already doing. We're already covering everything traffic, though, as it is. Thiago and Simon are spinning up 12 charts for every new topic as soon as it happens. Like, this stuff is there. Which is kind of packaging it and presenting it. In the correct way. And like you said. The tag of, like, we just. Keep it up with what's going on was always good, but it always turned into nice to have. So just rephrasing that. In the sense of, of, I don't know, I'm not a creative brain kind of guy. But something where it's like, hey, you have to have us to understand what's going on. In the industry. Where crypto touches trade pie, where we're, where these two. Intersections are crossing here. You have to have us. And that starts with data. Like, like having the, the readable stuff's cool. Like having the, the extra that's all great boost to have. But it starts by having some kind of unique angle to go, hey, you get this here from us. Poly marikowshi. Great example. RWA stuff was a good example. As well. And once that's there, along with the everyday JP Morgan was the ones that first requested the rwa stuff. He was like, did I just get it from a free website? Like, it's, I can get it. But I don't want to log into two websites. I can't you just put it on the dashboard for me. And as stupid and simple as that seems, that makes total sense. Dude. Pay 7500 for this. It's data you can get for free. Why can't you just see it right here? And you're looking at the ETF data that you always, he always looked at ETF data. Funding rates and options data. And it's like, hey, I just, that's the stuff I look at every day. But for the next six months, I'm very interested in rwas. So I want that here with me as well. So it's having that, that Foundation and then everything else. And also isn't every person like you mentioned options, ETFs and one other thing. But client decline that list is completely different. Right? Yes. So that sounds, that sounds like the modularity aspect. Like, yeah, we have to save charts, but let's be honest. If that did not look as friendly as it should be in today's day and age platform that is 7 500 per month, the part director, like the UI, the user experience, I was. Right. So. If we satisfy this core need for, you know, we have this whole, like, plethora, this whole library, but you're only needing these three shelves. To put these three shelves at the start of your experience as you walk in through the barns and Noble or the library. We need the modularity and we need the, the process of doing that and browsing it to be either one through Simon AI that you can, like, get that info spat right, too, or you, you set up your charts and you're just like a feature or. You know, it's a habit for you to every day go in and look at those same charts because you already have that set up and you just continue monitoring it. So that looks like the modular dashboard situation looks like it's. A no-brainer must have huge. And that's kind of what they, they wanted the homepage to be. And just wasn't. And it can be so simple. It can be so simple in the fact of. Like, hey, I want to have these specific things that's going on a regular basis, and I want to be able to pull in this subject matter. That you guys have added for however long I want it. And then maybe new squirrels at the bottom. And it's, and it's. And it's better notification system than we have now, like a very, like, just keyword centric notification system. That, that pulls in news based on a keyboard, or it could be as complicated as, like the bot will build you custom charts based on the data we have back yet. I think any scale between those works. Cool. I think once you have that foundational, too, that's, or once you have that, like, you have the foundational, you have that family office that comes from poly market. Like, like, say they do trade some other stuff like the trade going a little bit. They want to keep up with ETF stuff, yada, yada. But they came because of the prediction Market stuff. Go and give it to you and get it. They hop on, they realize that 90 of the stuff they look at on a regular basis is on Pro, they just start using pro all the time. Maybe we get that 10 added form because it's something simple. And then you've got, you got both sides of the coin there. You're bringing people in because we're doing the best coverage. On new emerging. Narratives Trends, whatever you want to call it. And then you've got people coming in because we've got the foundational stuff that they use every single day with the biggest scope. Best professionalism, that's credibility. And then you get vice versa on that. You know, people that come for the foundational stuff are going to stay because we're covering every area. You Block come for new, exciting stay because we've got their everyday stuff we don't look at. But it's just, they're just hard. Like, it's just, it's hard, but it's simple. Like, I know exactly what you want. I can't give it to you. No one can. But I think there's ways we can do, obviously, people love our data. Like, we have not board resource into this platform and what had two years. Maybe. People show me, we're renewing almost 700. But I think it, I think I did 556 last year. 156,000 last year. I mean, it's really simple. Yeah. And we've got 556k renewals from it. Like, that's, that's. Legit. Like, like I'm renewing essentially a dead product and, and doing a lot of poker face, and no one's coming to me going, been a while since someone came. It was like, you're going to have a new feature soon. Like, everyone's extremely happy with what they have. It's more than it's what they need. On that basis. It's just making it a new for more people. Yeah. It's really the foundational stuff. Yeah. Foundation and the people who actually use the product. Okay. That was extremely helpful, Cam. Thanks for.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:15:27.244Z)

Very much so.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:15:28.455Z)

Good, good. I, I just ramble. I was hoping that you guys could pull, like, some useful information out of those random. That's, that's usually what brainstorming is, you know. Yeah. Yeah.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:15:35.404Z)

For sure. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say you were pretty much solidifying a lot of the things that we were like trying to grasp and we weren't 100% sure about and you were just pretty much nailing it down being like yeah this is what people are actually asking for.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:15:54.775Z)

It is not, like you said, it's simple. Like, this is not rocket science. Now getting it to them in the way we want to. And get that's the rocket. But what they actually want and need. Is funny enough came around to be a pretty simple. Thing. And again, I think it's the right Niche. Like, I think it's always been the right Niche. I don't think we ever compete or want to compete with the number. So are the other ones. There's plenty of them. I don't really, I, I think we're, if you broke down the, you know, the data news, whatever you want to classify us Market and crypto into a bunch of subcategories, we're probably in the least saturated one. Is everyone either goes all crypto or, you know, someone's going all tradfi? I get way more than we are. Then, you know, they're usually just a trade. Not really. Crypto. Either. So, I mean, we, we have a good Niche here. I don't know. I wish I had a creative part of my brain. You could be like, yeah, add this. They love it, but it's not. It's, it's multiple. Yeah, it's multiple things working together to make the, the cog go around. So, yeah, we. Definitely have our work cut out for us, but I think we definitely, like, we're in much better position than somebody who has zero. Recurring Revenue and zero platform. So that's. Yeah, yeah. I mean, imagine making a product version new with zero sales. At least people were doing it. You know, so it's not. Much better. I mean. Just much, much better spot. Now, one thing I could do to help y'all, I attend this. He's probably gonna kill me when I talk to him. But we sent out a survey for pro clients to fill out. Tim made it very specific on what they use it for. Very, very specific. People just won't fill it out. I'm gonna get them to fill it out. So you guys will have that data go off of as well. Good. Really good form. Just no one voted out classically. But I will pound some people get that filled out. Yeah, that would be amazing. Obviously.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:18:00.124Z)

Yeah that'd be incredible.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:18:03.655Z)

Anything else I do? Not at this moment, but I'll definitely bing you if there is something. So thanks, Cam. Dude, call me whenever I'm more than happy to just sit here ramble, enter stuff if you guys want to talk to clients, whatever it may be, just feel free to ping me whenever I get set up. We got, who you got winning the, the final four? I saw that Michigan dude, that six nine guy pull up and transition and bang at three. And I was like, yeah, I don't know. I don't know if Kawhi winner could go that. So I'm going to Michigan. Also selfishly a lot North Carolina. The dude's like 28. Looks like he should be playing for the Teens right now. Like, it's just like, I don't know how you guard that. Using those post games. Yeah, they look crazy, man, which I'm not a big Tennessee late and March guy, but they beat the hell. My Tennessee buddies did. I didn't get a lot of text message then that day. But Michigan. Hopefully you would see hires, Arizona's coach. So I'm hoping it goes ahead and knocks them out. So we can get that movement. All right, it'll be interesting to see. Sean. Who yet?

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:19:28.124Z)

I got I barely followed basketball I'm more of a football kind of guy. But I actually I have been following just like slightly and mainly because of some of the interviews but yeah I was going to because that guy that like he was.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:19:32.055Z)

My man?

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:19:42.364Z)

I don't know he was interviewing with one of the people on the floor. And he just sounded so silly and hilarious I was just like all right yeah I'm just following you wherever you go.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:19:53.975Z)

He's a grown man, too. Who's your, who's your football team? You got a football team? NFL?

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:19:58.524Z)

New York Giants yeah.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:20:01.255Z)

I got your, I'm a, I'm a Titans fan, so we'll see what dave will does this year.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:20:01.404Z)

Brutal. Oh. Nice yeah oh dude I'm actually yeah I'm gonna be following them closely because they kind of like took a bunch of New Yorkers over to Tennessee. So.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:20:14.535Z)

No offense to you, but I'm not a big fan of the, the whole solid bringing in everyone from the Jets. And, Dave, bringing everyone from the Giants, you know, two really successful organizations. So we'll see.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:20:23.484Z)

I was gonna say none taken it's it's yeah it's understandable. But I'd be curious to see like how like because I mean the organizations are just kind of failing themselves who knows if they go to a different organization with a better setup that they might actually be able to do something.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:20:34.295Z)

Yes. I think both of our teams are, I'm a huge, huge Jackson dark guy. I've got scatabo in the dynasty league, and I'm not trading them for the world. That's my guy.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:20:47.724Z)

Hell yeah.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:20:50.455Z)

He's on my team until he gets a concussion and retires or whenever.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:20:50.684Z)

Same. I was gonna say it might be a short run because he just keeps on running to brick walls but yeah.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:21:03.015Z)

Fun. All right, well, if y'all need anything, just hit me up.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:21:05.564Z)

Thank you so much man.

### Guest (2026-03-31T16:21:06.055Z)

All right. Man.

### Sean (2026-03-31T16:21:08.204Z)

Great. Bye.

