---
granola_id: f08ed750-d99d-4dfb-8bf9-ea6143273ab6
granola_type: transcript
type: meeting
domain:
  - product-management
status: active
ai-context: Full transcript of project cto design check-ins - transcript.
context: the-block
created: 2026-04-13
source: granola-sync
attendees:
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Project CTO Design Check-ins.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Project CTO Design Check-ins

## Attendees
- Matt Vitebsky (mvitebsky@theblock.co)
- Ed Rupkus (erupkus@theblock.co)
- Claudine Daumur (cdaumur@theblock.co)
- Jeff Gragg (jgragg@theblock.co)
- Serena Ho (sho@theblock.co)

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:01:28.651Z)

Weekends. No, it's kind of early for you, Ed, but you look like you've been up for hours. Look at this guy. He's, like, always ready to go. I went. Yeah, I went to bed early last night, so feel good. Damn. Good for you. That's got. Ed's got that beauty sleep. You can tell. All right. I don't know how you go to bed early, though, with no kids, I guess just being a responsible adult. So. But anyway, project CTO. Right. So I know that Claudine and Serena took some time last week, and they both did some. Some, like, significant, I would say, explorations around their. Their concepts. And I think you all even met. Like, twice independently, if I'm not mistaken, didn't you? So the Serenity and Caudine. We met once, and then today. But then something came up. So we're gonna meet tomorrow as well. Okay, cool. Do you guys. I don't think that you've had an opportunity to share with Ed and Sean and the rest of the team, like sort of your latest ideas, right? Or your. Your latest explorations. Not yet. Yeah. So we could do that today if everybody would like to see. Yeah, I would love to see, like, again. I know I liked what I saw last time. I especially remember that research section that you had explored was. Was gorgeous. Cool. Okay, sounds good. I can go ahead first if you want, claudine or it doesn't matter. Thank you, prefer. I don't mind. Okay. Sounds good. Okay. Cool. So following last week's discussion. I worked a bit more on the desktop versions of the project CTO. So I kind of. The way that I approached it was a bit more of, like, looking at different sections and how we can make it as modular as possible, but also make it very obvious what section you're looking at right now. I wouldn't say they all, like, blend together, like, seamlessly quite yet. But I am sort of, like, working on that idea of just being able to visually separate different. Types of types of, like, content on here without having to read every header and things like that. So without talking too much into it, I do, as you can probably see as I zoom out, there's, like, a couple of hero. Options that I've been playing with. I'll just quickly go over, I guess, like, the. The heroes. This one has a bit more of, like, a half visual, half, like, text type of layout where we have, like, the featured and we have a couple of the more, like, featured stories all together. That are, I guess, like, more important. It's like what we would find in the middle. And then the idea is that for, like, latest crypto news, perhaps we'd have, like, a section down here with a thumbnail is not as prominent. But it's still kind of there, and it provides a bit of. Of like a. It kind of goes from, like, a larger thumbnail to smaller on the right here and then at the bottom is like, it gets continually smaller. So just kind of playing around with that. And then I had a bit of an idea to maybe do, like, a jump scroll section thing, like adding what we already have on other, some of the other pages, x feed. And it could be anything but, like, just doing something very subtle to, like, the press releases and sponsored posts could also be very subtly added into or integrated into, like, a column like this or a right rail. And then some of the. There's, like, this carousel version that I've just been playing with as well that I think got some good feedback on the mobile version. So I've just been trying to see how that might look on a desktop as well. So it is definitely a lot more, like, visually heavy up top, and then there's more text below. So still kind of working on that. But that could be how it looks. This is a version with two columns. So this one is like the left rail stays there, and we kind of can just, you know, use it, utilize it for ads or anything we want. But the stories would take up a lot more. Real estate on the hero and have a right justified thumbnail, which is a little different, a little different of a look as well. And then maybe sometimes if we want to switch between, like, latest and trending, you could actually toggle between these two. That was sort of the idea. That I had for that big header. And then, yeah, some more of, like, same type. This. These are, like, going back to the three column that we have right now, but just different plays on the. The little thumbnails as well and how we show those. And the general idea what Josh has mentioned earlier. Is that if we scroll down further, we might find a section that actually houses. Three different types of or potentially more content types. So this is my stab at, like, how we might do the modular content types where you can actually have a full section, but then have it split into, like, three columns, and these can be switched out depending on what we want to feature here. And then potentially, like, if we wanted to keep tabs or anything like that, like maybe. Cookies could come into play if there's certain ones that the user has clicked on before or based on what they've visited before. We could have it show relevant. Relevant columns here. Or content types. So, yeah, prediction markets could fit in here. Prices, data. I borrowed this from claudine. This one here. So very, which you'll see later clotting has a lot of great ideas as well. And then actually just really quickly, based off of that sort of section as well, I sort of did a couple of explorations of what, you know, other content types could look like. So if we wanted to promote election hub or like campus. How that might look. In here, could that. S just an idea of how that could look and then research as I had in the mobile versions as well. The sort of like portrait versions instead of landscape to look, make them look a lot more premium and more inviting and interesting to look at. So that could be a way to do the research. And I've also done. A very quick exploration into the media. Maybe it looks more like a hub in this sort of sense where you have different types of content that they can just click through. Or if you want to load more sort of also working in that feed style as well, if we want to allow more of like a scrolling option if they want to stay on the homepage or just click into all the media and stuff like that. So even that newsletter sign up is really tastefully integrated down there. You kind of redesigned that. It's like leveraged your tab system for the different newsletter options we have, which is really kind of interesting. But. I love so much of this personally. Like I, you know, I think that this is really, really well done. I love the tab system that you integrated for that first dark section, the markets section. First of all, the stop, though. Yeah, right there at the market saying that icon that you created for prediction markets is so cool. I wish I would have thought of that. It's just like a half circle, right? Like 50 50 chance. I wish I would have thought of that when we were doing the. The priced in explorations. That's such a great icon, honestly. But I, I love this. And, you know, yeah, you definitely gave me too much credit while saying anything about Josh when you, when you introduce this. But I think this is brilliant. Yeah. I like a lot of these options. Just curious what, what, like resolution, are you, are these at right now? It's like a 960 grid. This one right now, I have it at this is blocking it. 1440. So right now, like, you mean, like this, just the ins where the content sits? No. Yeah, just like the whole thing. Okay. 1440. Cool. 1440. Yeah. Yeah. And presumably, like, this could go all the way up to 1800. You know, or further if you want, I imagine. I think we could potentially, like, let's say just in the example of this hero, it could potentially just keep adding on, like another two and, or like. Yeah, something in addition to that. And then we could add, like, a fourth column here as well. I think I have. Yeah, let's not show that one. I really like the markets section and how you guys will have, like, separated from the rest of the page, sort of like a different color. Also question. I don't know if you guys have thought about, like, dark mode light mode. So in this scenario with a switch, like with a flip, I went from, like, mode to dark mode. I think, like, we. So I haven't decided for sure. Like, I'm still working with whether or not, like, we want to go with this darker background, or it could be something else, as long as it stands out visually or not necessarily stands out, but, like, demarcates the section. But I think, like, in a dark version, if we were to keep this in the light version, it would change to make sure that is like different, but not. But not white. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. We are, we are keeping light mode and dark mode, though. Right. I mean, I think we have to right now because the rest of the site sort of leverages. I don't know. I can say I'm not giving that much thought. But I think that what I like about this is if it's text heavy. So if it's research, if it's news, even if it's like, you know, probably learn, quite honestly, like it could probably be on. I know she has learn on, on light mode, around dark mode. But if it's. If it's text heavy. Leveraging light mode, I think makes a lot of sense, like sort of by default. But if it's like data heavy or number heavy, I love the idea of leveraging dark mode as, like, this sort of, like, really quick, really quick way to sort of indicate the compartmentalization of those sort of different types of content types. Yeah. Can you scroll back to the top of these? Like to see the heroes or the. Yeah. I think, like, the. All these are, I think, great. I think what we're missing is, like, almost a dedicated section for revenue because that's kind of how I've been selling this to larry and jeff. We're gonna, you know, maximize some space for them to be able to put some of the more higher impact, whatever it may be at the moment, units above the fold. So I know you, like, press releases somewhere up there. Guys, the press releases and a sponsored post right there on the top right there. Yeah. Some of them, like, I also threw in. I know this doesn't look like an ad, but it actually is as well. I thought that was a story. Okay, cool. Yeah, I I think. I don't know if, like it. We want to make it more obvious as well in terms of, like, is it misleading if we throw it in there, or is it just like it Blends in well? So that it doesn't look have to look like an ad per se, but when. When you say add, what do you mean add there? Sorry. This is an ad. Like, it's not content. Like, I think maybe because it's Block, it Blended in a bit, but, like. This is not a story, actually, this one. I kind of just threw it in there. That size, though, wouldn't it be like that? I guess it could be a native ad, but that's not a standard ad size is what. Is that what you're saying? Okay, gotcha. So if we wanted to have, like, that's like a sponsored post, I think that. Yeah, it's just the advertisers would be very happy with that, making it feel more native. Yeah. So we. I think then. Sorry to keep interrupting everybody. I think then what I would do. Is maybe make that the sponsored post unless you have major reservations, Serena. And I think we would need a label on it that says sponsored, like as an eyebrow, not above it outside the card, but within the card to keep it nice and clean. And then on the right side where you have press releases sponsored and then the X feed, which is really a great idea, I think maybe you could do something else with that second slot and it doesn't have to be a second sponsored post. It could be something else. But let's talk really quickly about the thumbnail, man. Like, that's cool. Nobody's doing. And I've never seen that, really, at least on a. On a media publishing site where they, like, treat the thumbnails like. Like this. This is super ownable and interesting. And the way that you create this hierarchy around, like, sort of what's most important to, like, what's maybe a little older. Or something, it really is nice. There's three different sort of level. Actually, there's four different levels here. If you go to the right rail. And then the last thing I want to say really quickly before I, before I shut up, the, the tab system for the news at the top's interesting, too. So, like, this one didn't get it, but some of your other explorations had the trending versus, versus latest. Yeah. Like, that's kind of interesting as well. Maybe, like, even that. I think my, my favorite is the first version on that we've looked at here. I feel like it's. I can just see how this works. But I think I kind of like the idea of the tab system or the. The ability to switch between latest and trending. Okay. Yeah, that's interesting. I would like to see maybe expanding that tab system with, like. Sub menu to, like, politics, like, whatever categories, like, pick, like, five categories. Yeah, that'd be interesting, too. Well, she, I think she did that in one of her explorations, right? Is that what you mean, Matt? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I think I did. Yeah, right there. Or like this. I kind of just threw it in together with everything. Okay. Cool. Sorry, go ahead, Josh. I was gonna say, and then, like, one of those spots, I'm sure that Serena has thought about this. It's just not in that mockup. Back to your first one. If you don't care, Serena, I imagine, like, one of these could be maybe actually that if we take that sponsored post, put it there where the okay X is, maybe you could find a place to get gareth's daily show up above the fold here. I don't know if there would be enough room in that right rail to potentially get a video player or something like that so that we could. Because we're gonna have a fresh video five days a week. That, that's just the only thing I'm thinking is, like, is there a way to get a video up there, too? But I think that's. I think it's so cool. I love it. Yeah, I really like this one as well. We will need to get press releases above the full that's like contractual with our current press release deal. But other than that, I think this is definitely, I think, my favorite. Can we quickly talk about the carousel? Like this one? Yeah. I love this visually, but I may be a bit of a boomer here. This just reminds me kind of like of a spotify or iTunes. Really remind me of, like, a new site, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but I would be curious on, like, everyone else's opinions in this version. I think.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:18:08.885Z)

I was going to say I agree with you, but I think maybe it could work for the media, like the media part of the homepage. That's kind of what I was thinking because I do agree with you. I love. The carousel, the rotating aspect of it, but it does remind me of spotify, but I immediately just started thinking about what if we could try to use this for the podcast or something similar.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:18:32.651Z)

Yeah, I like that. I think for, like, media, this would work really well. Okay. Yeah, that could be interesting. But I guess Josh, Ed, what are you guys? Claudine, do you guys think I was gonna. I was gonna say it almost suits itself better for mobile devices or tablets. Like, I don't see that as. As effective, especially if you can't really. Well, I guess it could scroll with the mouse, but, like. Touch screens is more. Yeah, like, yeah, it's more useful and visually. I agree with Sean. It doesn't really speak news to me, speaks either, like, products or. Yeah, like, I think I agree that media would work well in this as well. To Showcase our brands. Sort of. Yeah, I think that's a really good. Good idea to, like, try and add it. So I'm gonna give it. Yeah, I typically think of, like, products when I see that sort of, like, the circular menu. I don't know why. That's a solution.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:19:36.885Z)

As apple.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:19:39.931Z)

Though. It's. It does. Like, these all look so cool. I can't even believe that thumbnail. Like, you could see brian Armstrong just peeking, but you can tell it's brian Armstrong. Like, that's such an effective use of space and sort of relationship, you know, size hierarchy in my. In my opinion. And it feels very ownable again. I can't get over that. I'm. I'm like a big fan of that. I think we've want to figure out a way and could just be. Could just be that it didn't line up, but those columns aren't quite lined up, but. But that's probably just sort of because you're in work in progress or whatever. Does feel medal to think that there's still, like, a lot of news. Above the fold. And obviously we're gonna have to work out the press release, work out the sponsored post. Trying to think. Go ahead. Yeah, I think that my last discussion with the team was. Like, we are a news site, and we know that most people come to us for news, so I think I said, like, kind of. You can feel free to put the foot on the gas pedal of news as long as we're hitting those other marks as well, like sponsored posts like press releases and some of those other things that we're sort of more contractually obligated to hit. Because you said, like, most people come to our site through the news door. Yes, we want to let them know that we have, like, the other content types. But I think it would be my hypothesis would be that you said most people are coming to the homepage from an article when they click the logo in the header, right? Like, that's kind of like where a lot of traffic is coming to the homepage from. So I think that my idea, or not, it's not my idea, but I think the hypothesis would be. Let's. Let's try to get the different content types as integrated as. As much as possible. Where contextually relevant. So when. When we get to the article page of this project, if it's an article about strategy, we should be showcasing our ETF page, our bitcoin treasury page, things like this. So it's like it's bringing the content that's relevant to the article, to the. To the user rather than trying to use this homepage, like. Like using the. The above the fold section of the homepage, like that drawer in your kitchen that just catches everything feels to me. Like it feels like a little bit messy. Like, we're still just going to be taking a shotgun approach. I I don't know. I feel like. So. So that's on me yet. If this does feel too news centric, I think I told Serena and Claudine that it's okay to, like, lean into the news because we are primarily a news website. Also, when we work. Show video and stuff like press releases, and it'll. It will switch it up a little bit. The look of it, too. So, yeah, I don't. I don't want. I don't want to have, like, Theta and prices, like, you know, wherever they have prices as through the. Right. The almax ticker. Yeah. The only thing that's missing, like, the press releases and then Josh, remember for a conversation with Jeff. Like, he definitely wants to prioritize, like, at least one research. Revenue piece above the fold. I mean, that could take up, like, either the bit sensor or, like, the coin one slot. Yes. Yeah, I hear you. And I do. I do remember that. I did feel like there was some wiggle room if we come up with a nice execution. But the press releases is technically on here already. But you guys keep. Keep acting like it's not. So perhaps it's not relevant or it's not. Sorry. Where is it? Maybe it's in the right now. It's just not obvious. Oh, yeah, totally. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that right rail there, then. Yeah, sorry. Sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. Oh, no, it's okay. I was just gonna say, like, I feel like there is. There could be an interesting way to integrate all of the things that we're saying in sort of like this card format, whether it's actually entirely text. Or in the right rail as well. So, yeah, I think. I think it's not actually too, like, for example, if we want to put, like, one of these research into, like, this square thumbnail or even have, like. Maybe visually, like, they can be their own sizes depending on what. What the actual content is to differentiate with. Without even having to, like, you know, read it too much. I think there's ways to do it. So I think. Yeah, I would. I'd be definitely testing that out. I think we. I think I could come up with a couple of options. Yeah, I think that strategy and that. Okay. Okay. Xbox revenue, Jeff would be incredibly happy. Yeah. So that's a good point, Matt. I wonder if we. If we do leverage that OK, Xbox, make sure it says sponsored, then that creates a gap in the right rail where the sponsored post is now in the main grid. I don't know. Like, maybe research doesn't have to live above the fold if the. If the sponsored post looks so integrated and sexy, it's hard. You know what I mean? But maybe she could. I mean, Serena is a, you know, she could figure it out if we absolutely have to have it up there. I think, like, let's have options. I think worst case, Jeff does want both the sponsor post and the research, which, like, I wouldn't mind if, like, that, I guess, like, middle right rail where the okx one is and the strategy one is, is kind of like reserved for revenue. Modules. Yeah. But it says, like, the header is crypto news. So for me, like, you know, I don't know putting research in the main grid. I could see research being so the ex feed Serena just made up, right? Like, that wasn't part of the requirement. So, like, you could almost that whole bottom of that right rail is fair game right now, so because the sponsor post is gone or it's in the left side, and then the X feed is that she just. That's just filler for now. Yeah. Like, you could, you could easily get a research piece in right there, you know, take. And you can even go with your vertical format with a little header and eyebrow header if you wanted. Yeah. Personally, I love. I personally love the. The little rectangle. Like. Like the rectangle is basically represent news. Like they, they talk. Very specifically that this is all like this whole menu is just all about news and, and press releases and all the related stuff. And I feel like if we add other sort of rectangles like that, for example, like research, it starts to crowd a little bit. So, like, I almost would not want any more, like, pictures on that menu, if that makes sense. Like, I feel like we have square, we have these rectangles and they talk news, and it has, like, a very nice sort of. Combination, like the way it puts it sits together. I think that she also has that vertical format for research that, you know, it looks beautiful like that. But then wonder if there's, it's probably wouldn't work as well. But you have that vertical peak in another one of your explorations where you could almost Peak the vertical format of the research paper. And. And leverage that potentially. Do you know what I'm talking about, Serena? You have a vertical Peak as well, and. And I think it's top right. Yeah, there it is all the way. Right. I said, no, you know, you passed it. Right there. Yeah. Yeah. Like, what if that was the bottom piece of the right rail? Like, grab the one that says bit sensor or whatever it is. I don't care. Yeah. And then, like, if it was right there, I'm just curious, what would that look like? What it looks super weird. Like, okay, so imagine that's research now. I don't know if that's good or not. It's. It's just a. It's just a thought. I think it looks cool. Could do. And it kind of to your. To your point then, Ed, you know, I know we're drawing arbitrary lines here or. Or, you know, sort of things. But horizontal. Indicates news. Portrait indicates research. You know, and then it plays out down below as well with the portrait style big research papers as well. Yeah, it could be really cool if you could, if you could, like, hover over them. I mean, we're getting into, like, very animated menus, but you hover over them and it's like the cordic sort of stacked, like, cars and you hover over them and they, like, expand and see the different research things. Yeah, I I don't mind it. Yeah. It's cool. I also think that the jump to section thing is relatively powerful. And we shouldn't ignore that because that could be a way to, like, let our users discover the page because we are sort of dividing the homepage into various. Like, nice topics of what, you know, the content that we cover. So you don't just rely on the scroll to discover it all. We can also rely on the jump section. Which is cool. I'm thinking now, like, maybe this could potentially, if we want to reserve more space on the right side, we could potentially go, like, around here. In the right ways. Just a thought. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. That is a good idea. I like it says jump to section two because that was my big hang up before with your navigation or, like, your sub, your tertiary navigation was that it felt like it was might take me to. To another landing page. You know, it was almost acting as, like, a second primary navigation, whereas having it say jump to section, it's clearly a jump menu now. And what it does is it lets the user know without trying to get everything above the fold to, like, to let them know we have all this stuff. It, like, brings the, it brings awareness up top without cluttering things too much. It's like, okay, they do have research data media, you know? Yeah, that could be a nice, really nice balance between. Organization and just, like, Discovery. Yeah, I'm a fan. And just to, just to touch on it again, I, I love that she's got news on white. She's got data and, and, and numbers on black because that, that stuff really pops, right? The visualizations really pop on, on dark and then back to light mode for research, I think makes a lot of sense. And then I might go back to dark mode for media, quite honestly, because I tend to think of media. So, like, if you, if you introduce that carousel here. Maybe it goes back to dark mode. And then it does feel like Spotify or Netflix. Yeah, that could look interesting here. It might. Yeah. I think this looks beautiful. I like the moral on the Block section, too. Like, there's so much really cool ideas happening here in a sad love that more on the Block section. Like, if we have something new, we can bring it above, like, the data section, move it on, like, Legos.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:31:31.845Z)

Cat. I love that.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:31:48.251Z)

Yeah. I mean, potentially, I, like, limited it to one row. But, like, maybe this is a bit much, but, like, we could do a larger. I don't know. Anyways, it, it's a possibility. I don't hate that at all. Like, it all looks very good to me. Yeah. I like, it's like one thing on the left side that we're missing is, like, when we launch, like, election tub, like, where would we be able to promote that on the homepage? On the all the way left? Okay. Yeah. I was just thinking about, like, the different. Native ads that we have. Yeah. Because obviously right now it's a little bit more similar to this one where there's, like, three and then three columns. Like one here, usually and another one on the right. So just a matter of, like, how many. But I think that if we make these sections, like, I'm not saying we're for sure sticking with this hero, but, like, if we make it more, like, they, they kind of switch out and feel a bit more alive. Like, they. They can have some sort of, like, timer where it's like, you know, 30 seconds have passed. It'll switch to, like, this ad or whatever, then that could be another option instead of just having it on there all the time. And, yeah, if, if that's a thing. I see what Matt is saying. It would be nice to have, like, just a general promotional area here on this, on this sort of lockup. I'm not exactly sure. Yeah, exactly. Like, like how that works, you know, and how do we integrate it? But it could be nice. Right. I'm a big fan, though. I think that we're making some really good progress here. We, not me. It feels like me and Josh are kind of on this muck, on this lockup. How's everyone else feel given the options that Serena has shown? This is definitely my favorite one. I love the menu. A lot of menus these days are leaning into this sort of, like the. And I'm not talking about crypto. I'm really, I'm talking about just, like, in general, across products, across Industries. This sort of, like, very. I don't know how to describe it, but, like, Josh, we did a pretty good job of describing this, like, menu makeup of these rectangles. I've seen this, like, a couple of times. I think it's very, very popular these days. Too. This is where the style is, what kind of leaning into. So I, I, this is my favorite as, as well. Of the ones that we've seen. I think we definitely have to do a few tweaks here and there, but it's so obvious how this is going to adapt to, to different screens to me because that, that last, like, those, it's so column based that if, as the screen gets wider, you just keep adding more visual columns to it. You know, you would get a fourth visual column as the screen gets narrower. You, you cut out the gsr column so that the, the sponsored column remains persistent. Right. It just feels, like, so obvious to me how this, how this contracts and expands to, you know, it's kind of like it doesn't require a lot of, I think a lot of thought to, to sort of make this work for different screen sizes. So, so we're still missing one column, right? Like. One mic strategy, size column here for the most common screen. No, this is, I think this is the most common screen, is it not? Yeah. Yeah. 1440. And then, like, the wider. For, like, larger desktops, then it would probably add another column here. Three of those. Yeah. Okay. I mean, I. I'm a fan. Yeah, me too. Cool. How do other folks on the call feel?

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:35:51.365Z)

I'm definitely a fan. So one of the things that I love about the Block site are the actual images, but it can be overwhelming if you're trying to shove all the images on the first homepage. Like the first thing that you see. So definitely just like the little slivers kind of, kind of helps. And can you show me the one, like a couple of pages to the right? Not that one.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:36:16.731Z)

This one?

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:36:17.285Z)

Yeah, I was also. Yeah, the one to like. Sorry. I was also a fan of that one. Yeah, the one that you just have, it's till left. Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:36:25.131Z)

Okay. Okay.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:36:25.685Z)

So it was between these two for me because I do like, I, I do love the aspect of having an x feed on there and just like what you were saying with the animations, like kind of rotating in between. But that doesn't necessarily have to be on the first. Like on the initial page on the initial landing page on the hero. But yeah, so it was between this one and the first one definitely for me.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:36:50.971Z)

I think I agree with Sean for sure. Yeah. Those horizontal Peaks are so sexy. Yeah, I like this one. It just feels like a lot of wasted space with, like, the horizontal.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:36:57.365Z)

Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:37:05.611Z)

I mean, it's definitely a very clean for, like, a strictly news site.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:37:11.205Z)

I think that's, that's what I like about it, but I understand we have a lot of. A lot of contracts to fulfill. So.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:37:18.411Z)

Yeah, I like this one as an option as well. Okay, cool. Maybe I'll just keep this in mind as well. Maybe we can introduce it in a different section. Too. I could be interesting. Okay, cool. Yeah. Thanks, everyone. Great feedback. I'm gonna keep working on this and. Yeah, we'll keep you guys in the. Thank you, Sean. Thank you, Caudian.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:37:50.085Z)

Thank you, Serena.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:37:51.531Z)

I think Claudine's been living more in mobile world still, if I'm not mistaken. Cool. So let's see. Okay. So my. My approach is actually completely different. So I've, I've designed a mobile first, and I also. Focused on the. On the bento layout, a ventilator UI. So it's quite different from what we currently have. So, yeah, we have a top nav right here with the Edomax Banner. And for the. For the, the big, the most important pages and blocks or prices that I use and learn, we have this bottom navigation. So it's like, it's like on the mobile app, basically. So when you look at your screen, it's always at the bottom of your screen. And so we have an ad first. Then we have the, the big editorial thingy. So it's like what, in my example, we have three main articles. So it's like, you know, Instagram stories. There is like a timer. And you can also scroll through, through the, the articles. And then we have a section for the most read today articles. We also have a section for all the latest news. So this could be also, we can scroll inside or not scroll inside, but actually swipe inside to see the, the latest news. I also designed a media hub. So on this version, I only designed the, the podcast view. So we will have a list of, of podcast like sewable. But there is like a little navigation inside this widget so we can also click on those tabs to get to see the videos or maybe shorter videos. So clips like we post on, on Tick Tock. We have a little. Prices widget right here. Then we have. Well, this kind of modules will be like renew modules. So I've designed one, one for commission research, but it could be like a sponsored post or maybe some white paper. And then we have the first product module. So this one is a diode compass. We could find all the, the latest conference courses in this module. I've also designed a little navigation system within this module to be able to find the, the courses by, by categories. This is also another revenue module. So maybe we could link to a sponsored post or press release or stuff like that. It's only a list, but we can also add an image on the left side. I will show you later another example. It's another revenue module for featured research. I also created a little widget for, for the Block Pro so we could get some interesting metrics right here and call to action to, well, maybe subscribe to, to pro. And then we have. It's once again an editorial widget. So this category is you might have missed, but I design. Yeah, it could be like editor speaks, stuff like that. So I designed several versions with or without thumbnail images. And also with our navigation system inside, inside the widget. So we could also sort by, by categories. And then a module for the, for the, for the newsletter so we can subscribe to it. And then we have, like, the, the footer. And, and, yeah, that's it. So I try to explore different way of ordering all those little modules. At first, I stick to what you wrote in the. In the, maybe in the jira ticket. So basically this, this kind of order with more revenue modules at the top. So we have an example right here. To be honest, I was a bit bothered by that because we see the, you know, the primary editorial. But then we have one already one sponsored or commissioned research right here. And actually, we have to scroll a little bit more to, to see the, to see another news section. So that's why I changed the, the order in my, in my reservation. And, yeah, I still want to create a module for the, for, for data because I have one for prices, but I haven't designed one for that yet. And when you also add another module for research, because actually I have commission research and featured research, but I don't have a full section dedicated to, to research. So, yeah, I still need to design that. And I also started to explore the mobile version. So it's a work in progress for, for the lost aversion because there are some elements that needs to be. But, yeah, I wanted to, to keep this whole dental layout going on. So I also wanted to keep the, the primary editorial centered at the top for maybe bigger impact. And also, I think that way it's highlights the. The, well, the, the image. I think it's one of our strengths in the, in our brand to have this very impactful article images. So, yeah, my, my, my approach here was to have a very big image for more visual impact. And I wanted also to include at least one feed at the top. And then we have review module right here that could be maybe. Maybe it will be more interesting to have a sponsored post. Also right in this section, we have like the latest news. Maybe at the end, it could be only one sponsored post. Currently I have like two, but maybe we can try to make it more look like the rest of the regular articles. And then I have the, the media app right here prices. I think this will be actually a data widget. And then, yeah, the, the rest of the modules I was still kind of exploring the layout. So, yeah, that's it. Awesome. So I gotta say. Sorry, Josh. I was gonna say I, the starting with the mobile, I really like it. The fact that we, it seems so modular and, like, so, like, all the, we're not, we're not limited by design in terms of, like, reordering the mobile version as we need it. That's, like, what I love the most about it, is that we, if we need to, we can, like, put things, like, reorder them however we want it. So, like, that doesn't limit us in any way. And those modules themselves. Look is my network good, by the way, am I coming out clear? You sound good. All right, cool. I was gonna say that these components themselves, like the bento box modules, they look, they look, like, really effective. Like, they're not super sexy or anything, but they are like, they do the job. So I think the, the beauties and simplicity here, I think it also speaks to the fact that, like, we are doing so many things as the company was, was probably different, like components we have, and we need design for, but that's on hold different conversation. But, yeah, I don't know how this sort of translates into a desktop version. I think that would have to be a much wider conversation. But, like, because I think I would probably prefer serenes approach as to, like, divide it into sections and then, like, slide in components in those sections, you know, news markets, media, as opposed to just like, you know, putting a lot of these components side by side. But, like, the mobile version is like, you know, for the, for news and what you see above the fold here on mobile, I think it's, it's pretty nice, but curious to see what you guys think. Yeah. Yeah. I like it, too. I like the instagram. I keep saying the story approach thing that she leveraged at the top. Like, if you do want to have a real impactful hero moment, I think that makes a lot of sense. And then I kind of had forgotten. But I think it was clawdeen. Data section. You have the pro data section, Claudine. I think that was the one that we were reviewing last week when the light bulb went off, and I think I could be wrong, but I think that's kind of what's, what inspired Serena's dark mode data section was this little moment here. And we were like, oh, wow. Like, that's pretty. That's pretty cool. The way that it makes data pop all of a sudden, it feels clearly different. And I actually love that there is a pro nod here, especially as we've, we're learning the pro, it just won't go away. It's like a zombie that won't die. In fact, it seems like it's getting stronger. So I love the fact that there's this sort of, like, upsell moment. And I do think Serena, as you go back to your version and you have that, you have that tab system in your data version. Maybe one of your tabs could be pro, where the user could integrate it pro, like a little mini pro module. But then if they want to get more from it, it would, it would take them to an upsell. Right. But I absolutely love this idea of, like, bringing a little bit of pro data in and leveraging it with the other data that we have. Yeah, I think so, too. But, yeah, there's a lot here that I like as well. Also, like how the commissioned research stuff feels. I don't know. There's something about it that feels really institutional the way that it's presented here, but I'm not sure. I think we talked about it last time and you did integrate more images into this version, Claudine, than you had previously. So I do appreciate that for sure. Yeah. There's a lot to like. Yeah, I personally love the modularity of all of the things that clawdina's put forward here. Can definitely feels very much like we can move and, and mix and match things whenever, like, you know, the priority is dictate it. Yeah. The tab bar, too. Well, how do you feel about the tab bar as a mobile option? Because, like, if you go to our mobile website right now, the header is pretty gross. We just have sort of three. I don't want to call them arbitrary because they're not. But we have three. Of our large extensive menu we've identified three sections, and, and we're so, we're somewhat limited because we're spelling them out horizontally. I like that Claudine has preserved the Branding here with, we've not done on our actual live mobile site. It has just a little icon. And she's rather leveraged the tab system, which makes it feel more like a native app, which I, I think is a really positive thing. We do have to balance that with the fact that we have a sticky banner on mobile today, so I don't know if we could introduce more inline banners like you see this one inch banner here. If we could introduce a few more of those, if we could forego that sticky banner and favor of a mobile tab bar, I think that's a decision that would have to be made with product and revenue. But I would prefer that because I think this is a cleaner, you know, cleaner navigation system.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:51:47.205Z)

Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:51:47.291Z)

Could it be good.

### Sean (2026-04-13T14:51:47.605Z)

I, I agree with that.

### Guest (2026-04-13T14:51:49.851Z)

To stay above the menu, like, just off of the screen? I don't know. Like, yeah, it's possible. If you think about that menu, though, you're probably, you're probably at, like, roughly 50 pixels tall, and then that ad is another, another 50 pixels tall. So you're eating, like, at least 100 pixels of screen real estate if you stack them. At the bottom. And then, you know, with a sticky header, which we remain this, the header is sticky. That's probably another 100 pixels. So I don't know. You know, you're just eating a couple hundred pixels of screen real estate. So if we're going to do the tab bar, I think a sticky banner at the bottom becomes pretty tricky. Yeah. I agree. But I, I prefer the tab bar. I think that I know that right now they're going to say all the sticky banner. We need it or whatever. But I wonder if it's actually true once you give them other, you know, more in line revenue options. Like, like I said, that one inch, you could repeat that one inch every two modules. Like, it could technically be again under commissioned research. And then again, after whatever is after the, the block. Yeah, it could be right there after latest news. It could then be again after the prices module. You could keep repeating, you know, 320 by 50s. Yeah, I think that's me a question that we have to answer with, Jeff. Josh. Yeah. Make that call. Okay. Yeah, I hear you. I just, I do think that it, from a brand standpoint, it's a lot nicer to have our actual proper logo in the header. And I think it's a lot nicer from a navigation standpoint to leverage that tab bar because then you do get. I know I'm probably preaching the choir, but then you do get media, you do get prices, you do get learn, like, whatever you want down there. As opposed to right now, what do we have? We have news prices and I think ratings maybe in, in the header. How about, how about this? Tell me if I'm just completely talking nonsense. What if that menu only showed up if you press search? You have search. So if you're, if you're on the mobile. You're indicating that you are interested in something else. And you either press the hamburger, which would already have all the different items that we, you know, different content types. But if you press search and you're searching for something, then that thing pops up from the bottom. It's like, okay, there's a quick shortcut for whatever you're searching for. So you, so the, so those items are always hidden, like prices, learn whatever. And then we get to keep the sticky Banner. Maybe if you scroll, maybe if you're scrolling down, I think I like this better. I could be crazy too. If you're scrolling down, you have a sticky Banner. And then when you go to scroll up. Like you're, you're indicating that you're no longer consuming the content on this page, you're going to go back up, then the tab bar pops up. You know what I mean? And so the tab bar is not persistent unless the user is scrolling upward towards the top of the screen, then the tab bar pops out to give them a shortcut menu. It feels like. It feels like we, there could be ways we could work this out if, if we don't find a compromise between Revenue and us. Yeah. Yeah. So just to sort of summarize, do we want to see, like, at some point, I want us to kind of decide on, I'm perfectly comfortable having Claudine and Serena continue to go off in their own sort of exploration Directions. But at some point, I would like for, you know, both Serena and Claudine to hear the collective feedback from this group and start to, like, you know, find where these two things overlap and start to merge into a single sort of direction that's working for, for everyone. For, for me right now, I think that I'm comfortable, though, continuing to have them explore there. So if you want to continue to flesh out and realize some of this ideas, claudine and then, you know, flesh out your desktop a little more, it feels like, you know, you definitely sort of are in early stages on desktop since you spent so much time on mobile. And then claudine to take some of the feedback you've heard here with regards to Serena to take some of the feedback you've heard here with regards to claudine's mobile approach and how modular it is and how it really resonates with product and sort of try to see how you can gracefully degrade yours in a way that sort of approaches or achieve some of that same modularity potentially. And then, like you heard some of the positive feedback about Serena's desktop explorations, claudine, maybe you can. Maybe you can sort of apply some of that logic or that thought to. To yours. And then we can do this again in one week. And then maybe next week we can all be a little bit closer to where we want to be and maybe collectively we can really start to hone in on like, okay, this is what we like for the hero. This is what we like for the research section, Etc. Yeah, I'm cool with that, Josh. I think we're getting pretty close on both sides. And like you said, next week we can start coalescing towards one. Small little question. Yeah, that I, I'm great with that plan. I just want, wanted to ask for Matt's opinion on the claudine's version of the components. They look like they're like looking, could be leaning into the iPhone sort of. Like style, like surrounded Corners. I don't know, sort of like liquid glass or whatever style that they have. And is that. Like, that's sort of like what our app is going to relatively look like, too. I'm just saying, like, should we try to, try to mimic that as much as possible, or should we shy away or, like, what are your thoughts on. You know, that those. I could be wrong, but I think that we, I said this last time in anybody's welcome to push back. I would rather, since forgive me or correct me if I'm wrong, Matt, I feel like Matt let the let the system sort of dictate the styles more on the mobile app rather than try to spend a ton of time on design. I think he was, he did a good job or a great job, really. I would prefer that we. Create styles and systems that we really want to take the brand and, like, our direction in on, on the web. And then we eventually, once the app proves successful and viable, we eventually spend some time getting the app caught up from a design perspective to the website rather than trying to chase what the app is doing on the web. That would probably be my preference. Yeah, totally aligned with that, Josh. The app is, I think rudimentary in terms of design. So I would like to, once we have a new kind of brand look and feel, take that and port it over to the app. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, man. Yeah, I think that would be my preference as well. That way, yeah, we could sort of, like, create this sense of ownership. Like, that's what I like so much about Serena's peep. I'm gonna call him calling him peaks. They really, they really kind of feel like some of our social templates that we created. So a lot of users are going to be introduced to our brand and our content through social media if our strategies prove successful. So then if we can then sort of it, when they come to our properties, if it feels like an extension of our mobile feed or like a home from our mobile feed, right? Like the mobile feeds are our satellite spaceships. This is our mothership. And so, like, those peaks that she's created feel like, like, ownable to me. You know, you go to, you go to any publisher site. I'm not really seeing maybe I'm just like boomer. I don't know. And I don't spend enough time on, on websites these days. But you don't really see thumbnail. You know, thumbnails are usually, what are they? They're 16 by nine. They're square or they're four, three, like very rarely do you see thumbnails that are like, Serena's thumbnails are like, I don't even know 20 Bob two or 20 by one or something. Like. So if we, if we were to take that and create that style for our, for our, and I'm not saying we have to or that it's right. But then eventually we could, we could, if we find that we, we like it on web and it's working, we could eventually introduce stuff like that in the app, and then it would start to feel like a whole, you know, a branded ecosystem. I think. Yeah, I totally agree with that. I do have to drop now for a meeting, but this is great work. Lots of progress. Yeah, same, same. It is great. I don't know if. Yeah, I don't have anything else in the meeting is over, so cool. All right. Designers, I'll see you in 30 minutes.

### Sean (2026-04-13T15:00:54.565Z)

Thank you, guys.

### Guest (2026-04-13T15:00:54.731Z)

Thank you all so much. Thank you, guys. See ya. Bye. Bye. Bye.

