---
granola_id: 2bc57671-1c65-4a3c-8dd6-68a7d5b66cd8
granola_type: transcript
type: meeting
domain:
  - product-management
status: active
ai-context: Full transcript of project cto design check-ins - transcript.
context: the-block
created: 2026-04-20
source: granola-sync
attendees:
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Project CTO Design Check-ins.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Project CTO Design Check-ins

## Attendees
- Matt Vitebsky (mvitebsky@theblock.co)
- Ed Rupkus (erupkus@theblock.co)
- Claudine Daumur (cdaumur@theblock.co)
- Jeff Gragg (jgragg@theblock.co)
- Serena Ho (sho@theblock.co)

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:01:35.958Z)

It's cool here though. I like it. How many Guinnesses have you had yet? Oh well I mean I was in Ireland for like two weeks. And surprisingly I only had. Like well they have like three different sort of like stouts that are really good like obviously Guinness and then they have one called and then beamish as well. I personally I think I think Guinness is my favorite that's that's my personal favorite but yeah I haven't gone too crazy about that. Good morning. Hey guys hello good morning good morning everyone I'm not sure let me ping Claudine she on Friday got pulled back into I think let me see what if she pulled into actually she's out today. Yeah she got pulled back into campus on Friday we could open up her document and I can share with you the progress that she did make last week. But I think it got halted. Towards the end of last week due to getting pulled back into the campus stuff yeah and she is out today I forgot. So with that said let's if it's cool with you Serena I know that you have sort of and I peaked this morning I think that you sort of I started to play out the mobile stuff based on your earlier desktop version. Yeah so I mean if we want to I can go first before you show the claudians work as well yeah I'd prefer just to see yours if that's cool at this point since you're on yeah so it hasn't largely changed from we had the meeting last week about the yeah obviously like the desktop versions I've done a couple like slightly varying versions of the hero here and yeah I started to look into how it might look in different versions like you can see here I'm just sort of kind of messing with it but like yeah page takeover like how it could potentially look if there's like a background with sort of like how we you know kind of already do it right now like mobile as well so just like taking a look to see like what the options might be but just a couple of things to touch on. That have changed since last week are just the way I guess like to start off with having the latest or trending news I've actually like included an option like as a drop down instead so perhaps like you know it's a bit it's obvious that it's you can interact with it here and either have switch between like latest or trending perhaps I've also moved to the jump to section into here as well. And as I mentioned to Josh already last week I pivoted and didn't include the second row I think last time let me just refresh everybody's memory yeah what I had shown looked more like this and as you can see like I had like the 300 by 250 ad here and then like two rows of that. One giant feature and then more of this and then it was actually quite a bit visually to look at and very like news heavy. So I sort of tried to pivot a little bit away from that and I still have, you know, a lot of news going on here, but it can be. It can be I think like modified depending on what we want to include like as you can see I still have the sponsored the ad here, but also like a sponsored post here if we want to include it in a slightly like more subtle way. I've added more on the right section well we have another example of a sponsored post press release the pro ad and then also like a media like a video at the bottom right corner, which I think could be interesting. I sort of like played around with the idea of it stick being sticky to sticky or fixed to the bottom right like how coindesk has it, but in the opposite corner and then maybe would stick as you go down. But one thing to keep in mind is that we do have that sort of like pop up at the bottom usually and I was just place it here because like when you I was trying to prototype it and see where it pops up. It's sort of like usually around here. So just to see how that would look alongside the video it would yeah it would like show up. So on desktop that'd be okay on mobile. That's a different story. So I think that's still something if we move forward with this design I would have to figure out. This one here drops the jump nav, but it create it introduced a toggle where the jump nav was to toggle between trending and latest. Okay. Yeah. So yeah and then also you might have noticed like I included these little beard that say like most red. That's just like an optional thing. And I've also actually taken this away and made it I tried to make it more modular as well. To. Mimic Caudine's designs as well. We like the modularity last week of having adding and removing things. So if we want to we could probably also play with the sizing of all of these and like let's say it's like larger and it's just two cards or something. To make sense for whatever content we want to put there. So yeah, that was where my head was going with that. And I think yeah I haven't touched the bottom sections too much. I know last week we were talking about having like the media look like this potentially. But yeah still working on that. And then how it could potentially look homepage takeover again. This is like very drafty looking but everything would potentially be like a card style and we'd have like the background just available there. And it would pretty much look the same. I don't foresee like too much of a difference there in terms of how we already apply the home based agreement. And then here I was playing with a lot of like horizontal carousels on the mobile version. The only difference here is like I was trying to like it's just a different size so you don't really see much of a difference between two. But yeah, I'm still figuring that out. I don't think like horizontal carousels for all three of these sections would be the most ideal. But just trying to see how it could look on mobile right now with sort of the idea. So you can see your accordion. Yeah, I like that the accordion here. Sorry. Yeah, I figured like, you know, if we include like all three potentially four sections, it would look quite long. So yeah actually. Mess with that. You might see a fourth section in the accordion because I decided to see if maybe like when we have media relating to like market news and stuff like that that we could potentially also throw it in there depending if it's relevant. Yes, did somebody put their hand up? Oh okay. Yes. Thank you and then yeah so just seeing how everything would look. This is the expanded version if we didn't want an accordion it would probably like just hint more at it. Looking looking more like widgets instead of like the full section. But yeah, that is that. And then yeah just looking at how the media section might also look as well. So that is update for this iteration. This is great. I mean can you zoom out to a 30,000 foot view? I cannot even believe how many screens you create now. I meant just to your whole document. Like look at this. This is absolutely bananas like this is this is just like really thoughtful iteration and a lot of dedication and work like like honestly Serena is passionate about this stuff you can tell. Which I really appreciate Serena and it's beautiful. I think it's great work. So can you zoom in for your desktop version on like one of the two heroes we were looking at? Yeah. So okay couple questions that I have and this is just to the entire group. You know one of our hypothesis as we were entering this this project was that or not even a hypothesis one of our findings is that most users don't scroll very deep on this homepage. There's a pretty dramatic drop off rate once the once you get to I think like our prices section right now. And so what Serena is trying to do here in many of her iterations. She's got this jump menu which kind of shows the user what's down below the fold maybe maybequest their interest maybe doesn't whether or not it's a good idea or would get used? I don't know. This is something that maybe we want to implement some user testing on. But what she's also done here is that that toggle between latest and trending. If you were to change that toggle to trending it would then repopulate presumably all the news right. The thing is like some of the news might have crossover between latest and trending. That's why I do like an either or I think in one of Claudine's version she had latest and trending in the same view. And because there probably will be crossover between latest and trending. I don't know that that we want to go that route. So if we do want to. But what I do love about this is I love the number one most read today number two most read today. I think those are really interesting. I wonder if that should get more like more weight than you're giving it there like you know what I mean do we do we leverage the spots above it as number one and number two. I'm not sure. Especially if they changed it to trending if I went to trending it almost feels like this hierarchy should be based off of one, two, three, four, five, six, seven or something like that to me, but I'm not. I'm not really sure. I'll pause there. Those are just my thoughts as you were kind of going through it as I was seeing this. But I think there's a lot of really strong work here. I agree with your take on the trending and that's why I kind of like brought it up in the document in the first place that to reinforce people. So yeah. I like where they are. They could be probably somewhere else as well like the most read today pieces. But I wanted to comment specifically on the. Images like the blocks basically when I when you first opened it when you shared your screen I thought that that was a scroll section. Like I the the the visual of full image skinny bars made me think that oh like I can scroll in there. Like. Yeah there's there's no scrollbook that's just like the design. Yeah there's like something hiding you know below. Okay that's not how those two play together some users might be confused if they're just like side by side like that but so I didn't necessarily see it that way but but check this out. Yeah that is potentially confusing Ed I agree could we build logic in that would prevent overlap between trending and latest so just hypothetically not saying that I want to necessarily do this but just hypothetically let's stay right here Serena if we could that top article that she has would be the latest when we published then the this is nuts article would be the second latest we published then below that you see there's six slots and maybe we could even get in eight there. That could be the top eight stories that are trending right now we could have a call to action to view all of the latest you know somewhere on this but you could if we could build in logic that could separate latest and trending to where there isn't that duplicate so as soon as something that it was in the latest feed becomes one of our top red stories it would not be shown in the top two story slots it would. It would be fuck see I don't know how that would work. I'm just not sure if that's a good idea or not. Because. Because you those have visuals and they have a higher hierarchy but my thought was like the top two slots would be the latest two stories and then you leverage the six or eight slots below it to do like a top top eight for for today but I don't know that that's a good idea either because like I said. If the number two story today is also one of the top two latest stories you don't want to take it away from one of those top two spots and then put it in the bottom spot. Yeah. The modularity here is nice. I love that you introduced media player. I think we just got to figure out probably spend a little bit more time with that logic and try to see like what are other major publishers doing what what is new york times doing you know what is washington post doing with with latest versus trending and popular. That kind of stuff. Okay how other complications do yeah trending versus popular latest versus popular latest versus trending. Okay. But yeah I mean when I look at this I automatically see right now I see like essentially four revenue modules right I see the okayx module I see two sponsored posts and I see a press release and I see the unlock the Block pro thing plus we monetize the starting block directly, I don't think views will count from the website I'm not I kind of did a little bit of claud last week on that and it said actually if you embed a YouTube player on your website it actually can hurt you in terms of your views YouTube will like penalize you for that. But I need to do a little bit more sort of digging to find out last last time I heard yeah from from Alex's conversations it seemed like people that were using anything else but YouTube were getting dinged because like Google obviously it's the same same platform so they were like penalizing if you were doing anything else well maybe if you don't have an autoplay it's good that's what I meant when I need to look into it maybe that's okay if you like I frame in a YouTube player and it's not auto playing maybe YouTube treats that differently. But my question would cloud cloud code last week.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:16:43.686Z)

What do you mean? Yeah?

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:17:16.678Z)

Suggested that if you embed a YouTube player on your site to and have it autoplay to boost numbers because your site gets a lot of traffic that YouTube will actually penalize you for that they're not they don't see that as favorably like they're like yeah obviously YouTube has thought of that like no point oh maybe maybe some of the YouTube perspective that your YouTube algorithm will be hurt your website.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:17:35.366Z)

I see what you're saying. Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:17:43.318Z)

Yeah yeah I think maybe so maybe so I'm not or maybe they just don't even count those plays if it's auto playing so it's. Anyway that's kind of an aside obviously but that is something to fully understand more before we just throw a video player up on the site like trying to understand like okay what is the actual best practice here to not hurt YouTube and to also. You know make it to where. I guess we're able to get that ad revenue. Any thoughts on on whether or not a jump nav makes sense this is something honestly we probably just would need to use our test and see if any users would even care to do that. Like you know interact with that.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:18:27.526Z)

I'm not sure what the consensus is when it comes to everybody, but I personally use those, especially when it comes to busy websites. It's like I came here to look at something specific. Then I tend to jump and I'm just a fan of scroll based animations and stuff like that. So whenever it's just a nice smooth scroll. It's just satisfying to me. But yeah, so personally, I like it and I use it whenever I see it on a website, but I don't know what.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:18:56.518Z)

Cool.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:18:56.566Z)

It comes to a lot of people.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:19:02.038Z)

Yeah I was gonna say personally I forgot that there was a slight difference I made with the mobile since we do have more people accessing the site on mobile I thought maybe like we wouldn't include that and we would include I forgot to mention this little like yeah that that little bottom nav idea again it would potentially conflict with this little baby banner yeah sticky banner we have so I'm not sure if that's a viable option. But it could be if we want to include a jump nav that's not stuck to this header here or this hero here probably yeah that probably would be like dev decision like what can we do and what makes sense like maybe once you close the. Ad cuz all people like a lot of people close the ad right away so it could have just appeared after you know you close it there's some sort of solution out there that we could figure out so. Not too worried about I really like the bottom allegation. My my biggest issue with a jump nav is that it feels to me like it kind of competes with the primary navigation and can you go back to the other one Sean and then we'll come back to mobile for just a second like when I look at or any of those that had the jump nav yeah you see news data research prices up top and then you see news prices data research media in the jump nav and as a user I might be like I might see the prices thing you know in the jump now first click that and then it's gonna scroll me down to a prices widget if you want to call it that and I'm gonna think like huh this is their prices page or whatever and I may not I mean I guess my thing my thinking is just that it's a little bit it's a little bit of a overlap with the primary navigation having a jump nav like this and I don't know if that's problematic or not again it probably would help to do some user testing here. It'd be testing to see like if the jump nav. Well yeah there needs to be user testing to see like what clicks are like between the two is it oh sorry go on no I was gonna change the topic go ahead oh I was gonna say is it a matter of just switching like the wording like we wouldn't call it the same thing prices and data and research it would just be like today's markets to today's markets yeah yeah. Maybe yeah and then what's your next one called research? Yeah this one's just called research well yeah I think you're right Serena I think that if these felt more. Like more like where they already feel like sections but if it felt like especially the markets when it's perfect like jump to today's markets cool I'll just jump down to today's markets. I like that better. Than repeating the same words that we have in our primary navigation. Could be like long form or something or like some sort of other word for yeah. Right right I could just say like latest research or whatever feature featured research yeah if we. One of the biggest things that people utilize is the latest news page on that go so I guess collect crypto news latest. Would that be the CTA that leads you to that page. Because right now right now what people press is that like right the H1 eyebrow the eyebrow yeah or the or the C all latest news that's on the left hand rail so here if you click on latest obviously it'll be the drop down but then maybe in crypto news would lead you just there. What do you think about that is it weird to have that H1 or whatever. In your design and your mind is that weird to have that like click through or is that intuitive enough? I mean we could play with it to make it look more intuitive at the moment right now most of these like for example more or today's markets they're not meant to be clickable or like links I know like right now on the current website they are. So we could make them look more interactive if we want to if when it comes to this specific section with crypto news. Tell you what if this latest toggle didn't exist and the see all button was right next to crypto news just as a as a you know it wouldn't exactly it wouldn't have to be that large but like you know then what we do is we just create logic that allows us to show a sampling of our latest and then the top three stories in like the and so where you have most red today most red today within sponsored maybe those are the top three red stories and then every story above it is. Our latest and if it falls out of latest but becomes a top red story then it would populate one of the the others but otherwise if it's still within the like the top five latest stories it doesn't need to be featured as as a most read maybe or something like that. I know that might be not making sense right now, but it makes sense in my head yeah yeah. It's okay we can okay yeah sorry what if more what if more window was for top red stories? What do you mean by that sorry like move the sponsored and press releases oh thing and then keep that top right for like what you need to renovate. Yeah something like that. And then yeah bottom like we could keep this saying sponsored or like this is press release yeah right right right yeah I think especially if it's gonna be like more similar to this I'll leave this out the way and then these look a little more interchangeable. Than this could be yeah a little like it would blend in. As well. Yeah I like that. Yeah, I like that. So so those would be sponsored and press releases down below they would they would essentially be revenue modules and then the and then the right rail would be. Most red. Yeah. And then the left would just be latest crypto news then you could keep the see all or you could keep the H one sort of like locked up with like a Sea Alba and which would be a shortcut for the user to get to all crypto news and then your jump nav could be a little bit more like we talked about earlier you know more like section based rather than type based content. One thing that I haven't seen yet on this and it's totally fine because there's a million things you've already included but we probably will owe pie market stuff like I don't know once we're gonna get one when we're gonna get to the implementation of this but like I think. They'll ask us like where is the homepage by market chart you know those widgets like is that stuff that we should think about as well like all the all the stuff that we have already it's on there isn't it?

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:27:14.566Z)

Would that not be today's markets? Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:27:17.318Z)

That's right oh I didn't even notice that that's that wow that's clever wow I was thinking like it could go with exactly and these could like obviously since they're interchangeable like they can you can you know we need to switch it out as as necessary yeah the only thing you kind of reminded me of just now is those like right and left rail 300 by 250 ads that we've been using.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:27:23.686Z)

Watch and learn Ed. Ward.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:27:47.558Z)

Like in the corner for like elections hub or like the. IOS app as well. Just like sort of house ad recirculation stuff we may be able to crack that some other way. Okay I was gonna say the okayx thing because that technically is not a sponsored post the sponsored post would live somewhere else like box right so right that unit right there. Like we could very cleverly tell our clients whoever like signs up for. That unit to like design theirs to appear. As a new story or like you know what I'm saying like sort of it's it's a very clever way of dropping in an ad that's like obviously has to be. Visible that it's an ad I guess but like that's a perfect perfect place for the 300 by 250 that's currently yeah can you scroll up a little here and I agree like right now this is kind of like the gold standard in sort of I be lockups she's got the 728 by 90 and the 300 by 250 right above the fold with the with the you know high viewability they're they're both okay x here and then as soon as you get past the hero a big giant billboard ad same thing I mean I feel like this is this is pretty pretty well done in terms of like tastefully integrating I the standard sizes I think this is a strong lock up. So just to recap. The jump nav we talked about the latest news I see you've got your notes we're gonna add a see all button there rather than a drop down toggle that changes things we're gonna leverage the hero news section minus that okay x 300 by 250 we're gonna leverage that to be our latest we're gonna turn more to potentially into top stories for now and then below it I like your modular approach where that could be press releases that could be a sponsored post you know even your unlock the Block pro thing if you wanted. Your pop stories to be a little longer that Block pro module could maybe be one of the three cards below the below the you know with the sponsored and the other thing so but I do love your labels most read today I think that's you if you're gonna have it in a list maybe it maybe that then they're just numbers like 1 2 3 4 5 or whatever and you don't have to say most red over and over potentially but I think it's really really cool. Could you scroll down to the market section please yeah actually I haven't even like I haven't looked into the modules themselves the components prices would be just a list like that. Because at some point we're gonna have to talk about like the actual components for a specific content pieces and what they look like not just what their places think prices could lean into. I don't I probably wouldn't want to complicate it too much but now it's just very token driven and we have ETFs and crypto stocks not sure if we need to like separate it all out or like put it all in one component and data. That data right now is like sort of. Like just prices visuals. And I don't know how we can tastefully offer our charts and show our. Data dashboard moments. And. There. Yeah maybe oh sorry yeah go on I think I did just earlier oh yeah I try I didn't get too far with it but then I was thinking it could look something like this but obviously there's a lot of text here and yeah could potentially try to integrate more because right now I think it shows like three or four of them in that section. On the current website I think we ought to talk to the devs about whether high charts is going to be our solution like moving forward and if so can we need to get in and probably do some work with high charts but if not. Right now I mean Matt coded up the I know he used the native chart swift chart library but he was able to ingest our data feed and build prettier charts in the app, I guess you know as part of that project within you know a month or six weeks to do the whole damn thing. And then on our site charts are extremely popular and we're using these sort of five six year old frameworks that we haven't ever really updated. So yeah Josh, this is your opportunity to rip out high charts. Okay that's what I was thinking. Find a library that visually works and we'll get it done. Can you send me where can I get that data feed just log into your pro account and then go to you said that before all right so I might fuck with that myself and just see if there is a library like an open source library and because I would love to and Ed, that's a great point that section should be charts. I mean obviously I know you were just using placeholder content Serena, but you know you have prices information in the data section and I think that we need to look at our charting solution.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:33:24.246Z)

They use Shad CN at all on any of the website. I feel like I've seen it. On something somewhere, but I feel like Shad Sean, I always love their kind of charts.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:33:31.958Z)

Sorry. I don't can you spell that I don't even know what you're saying.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:33:40.726Z)

Shad. Ows.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:33:45.158Z)

Okay sorry I've never heard of that.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:33:47.766Z)

Oh, there we go. Matt just sent it in there.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:33:51.718Z)

Cool.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:33:52.086Z)

It's one of my favorite libraries and it does.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:33:54.118Z)

Awesome dude.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:33:55.446Z)

Kind of remind me of the Block style.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:33:58.998Z)

Oh yeah okay cool. No I don't know why I've never heard of this. But this is cool thanks man we can definitely look into this but generally speaking I think that this is an extremely strong approach Serena across the board it feels very modular I feel like you're hitting a lot of the right notes in terms of revenue centric modules getting you know because that's the way that Matt sold this project to leadership was like we're going to help you sort of optimize from a revenue driving standpoint this project otherwise I think they would just let it ride you know as long as they possibly could and not really prioritize this. So. I think that for me I need to look into and we should all probably be thinking about some of these questions we've been talking about today what. What. Type of experiments would we be able to design that would test some of these these navigation models or these systems right so like cuz if you had a user come here and and you asked them to you know if you ask them to get the price of eth they're going to immediately just see it in the Elmax digital and they're not going to click prices they're not going to click anything but if you ask them to get the price of. You know something else that's not in that L that Elmax ticker they're probably just going to click on prices in the primary navigation right they're not going to click on today's markets so like I mean that's my hypothesis so like. How would we even want to or consider designing like tests like this and I'm not I don't want to just design arbitrary tests just to do them but like what do we want the user to accomplish and can we design tests around that to to see if these UI models are actually holding up so like do we want them to click into a story right away? Because if so like that's easy but do we want them to find out what's below the fold and to explore down there or like like like find the learn module on the homepage or something like that? I don't know. Because if you give a user an explicit an explicit directive like that they're going to spend more time and do it than a natural user would in the wild right like they're not just going to so like we have to design tests that would be. Like that would sort of like appeal to like what a natural user might want to to actually explore. I'm not I mean like look I'm not exactly sure but like if we could think about what do we want to accomplish on this page with the user and what do we and what do we think we should be testing in order to meet that end goal? Is the goal to get them to explore all of our different content types on this page or is it just to get them where like going somewhere else right away like you know I'm not really sure what the best use of this page would be. Yeah we have a b testing capability so we can definitely. Put our heads together. And think of a few of those like one clearly being like. For example changing the. Spots like the one number one most read today versus the sponsored one those two components which those up in the in the a and b testing to see which one's like which components work better be curious to see also like what's the click through for. Stories that are on the hero module like the skinny ones versus the pat ones like that I feel like that would be interesting to see but yeah Matt I main goal here is to retain users right because most of our traffic comes through the. We have like a portion of our. Loyal base that comes directly to the homepage but a huge majority of our users come through the article pages go ahead of our traffic goes to the homepage each month I mean ideally like I don't want to alienate users who are just looking for news but it should be like a window into everything we offer. Because I think there's a lack of awareness generally that we're more than just news. Got it. Exactly and do and do you think that. So like. A jump navigation like we were talking about earlier where it says like today's markets featured research this sort of thing. It brings text up to the top of the page but it doesn't really bring the content up so like if we actually wanted to bring data or well we have data we have we have market information maybe do an exploration Serena. Where and I know this goes counter to what I had said previously do an exploration where you try to bring your today's markets section not the whole section but you sort of like create a like a an abbreviated version of all of your sections so you have an abbreviated featured research section you have an abbreviated today's markets section and you sort of try to bring all of that up top and I'm not saying that like we go that that route but like in order to get as much of that sort of like sampling above the fold as possible and I know on mobile that's going to be even more difficult and maybe you need to leverage more of the accordion menus like you did on the today's market section on mobile. But that way because I did tell Serena like we're we're primarily a news organization and that's what people come to us for so like like let's lean into that above the fold and which is largely what you're seeing here. But it would be worth looking at a secondary option where we. Do that where we bring a lot more of that content above the fold and just sort of abbreviate it. Okay.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:40:09.126Z)

Yeah, because also if you think about. The new CEO that's coming in, he comes from a background in media. So I think definitely just like keeping something like the starting block on the homepage. And I personally always love the actual artwork that we put all over the homepage. So having more of that. But just like four different avenues, like what we have for research, what we have for media, what we have for this and that.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:40:27.878Z)

Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah yeah okay I like that there's so much. Good sorry go ahead no one specific way that you could like kind of say some real estate here is still utilize that latest news versus trending news toggle because you won't need you won't need the jump nab in that case right like because we're saying we want to bring it up the hold or above the fold so you still can have the crypto news or the CTA on the left side see all and then you could still have the latest news trending news toggle so that you can flip back and forth between the you know what most read stories versus latest stories and then that saves up some real estate for you to play with and like utilize I don't know maybe the current more current more components maybe that's where those condensed. And abbreviated markets versions live. And the sponsored post and press releases are at the horizontal bottom. So yeah, I think that's a good that's a good point we should try and. Surface as much of our. Auxiliary content as possible. Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna dig into this I promise you like I've been sidelined or sidetracked with media support learning that singular software I too want to like every time I see Serena's designs I get super inspired I know that like there's so much here to cook with I know that we haven't solved all of the problems right but like there's more ingredients than we possibly even could need in these explorations and I get excited. I need to come into this like with a fresh with my own fresh perspective and try to like apply some of this because that'll that'll create more questions for me to to bring to the team and I think we'll come to a solution really do think though that I would like to spend a couple of hours on this I think maybe I'll get time today and I'm largely just going to steal everything Seren has done but maybe reorganize a couple things. And then let me let me real quickly share if it's okay Serena what claudine had done her explorations were more limited than Siren's serenas because of again she got pulled into the. Wait I'm on serenas right now she got pulled into the. Campus stuff back over there but what? Okay, so just to recap real quickly if you'll recall, Claudine had done much more of like in a modular approach right like her hero module was the top red story then she gets right into commission research and then right into a data module and then then news recirculation and then prices so you can see. Hers is much more of that. Like abbreviated spattering approach, if you will like that we just kind of talked about. And I think that Claudine's doing a great job of making this module there I did address this with Claudine already last week but there's something about the styles that she's chosen here that with all these rounded corners and stuff that comes off as like very AI to me this feels like the app that Matt had, you know leveraged Caude, I think, to help him design. And so that would be my criticism of the actual style approach, but we can figure that the design team will figure that out. I think that I want to lean away from something that looks like AI did and make it feel more hand created. But that said. She did start to blow it out from a from a desktop point of view and you can see it's largely kind of what we were just talking about where again I think stylistically this doesn't hit the notes that I want to hit. But what it does do is you have a feature story, you have the top, you have data, you show research, then you have news recirculation, you have a couple of sponsored moments. And so this is, this is a lot. This is similar to what we do today more similar than probably what Serena's done. But this does sort of like this does sort of like meet that goal of bringing some of that content up without trying to get the user to sort of just see a jump nav. Although I think I would still, I'm, I'm not going to do this, but I would still try to get like. So let's real quickly talk about it. Our the top sort of content that we think works on our site. Certainly news. Data. And what would the third one be like if we were going to prioritize three like probably media, right knowing that like to Sean's point. Steve's a media guy? What if our hero was news day like a big data module and then media and then things like prices things like, you know, ETFs things like. Commissioned research and stuff like that was, was a little bit and learned. They were sort of like second, second class citizens, if you will. But like news data and media are sort of like the big features at the top. And and then we get, we get into like the rest. But you can see serving Claudine rather has taken a very sort of modular approach where it's like, you know, she tries to get everything in there in a modular sort of way. Like she has a more updated one. Yeah. Where she sort of leaned into this notion that, that Serena had done with this market section. Yeah. Certainly not bad. Certainly not bad. But I do think that. I like the way she did this where, you know, you have this newsletter sign up module and you can change the different newsletter types. I would probably tweak the styles a little bit. And again, I already had that conversation with Claudine stylistically. It just feels like AI. Yeah, no, I, that's sort of like why I made the comment that I made last week when I was talking about like the app style and whatnot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The font too, I prefer Sveno. To this. Yeah. Like perform. Ance. Well, so Serena is leaning into a, obviously this is a sans serif font and she's using that across the board. Whereas Claude Dean has leaned into a serif font. And I don't think that this is. White. Right. I agree. But if you look at our social templates, and this is for the design team to figure out, but just as an aside. And I'm sure you all have seen these on LinkedIn or on Instagram if you follow the Blocks account it. But if you look at our social templates, we've largely leaned into to this style, which we feel like has a more editorial feel. So there might be a world in which we can, those, those can kind of coexist, right? So maybe, maybe we lean into a serif font like Serenas or sans serif like Serena's four data. And, and things like this and market information. But then if it's editorial potentially consider leaning into leaning into the other. This was ones I did weeks and weeks and weeks ago. Yeah. I haven't, I haven't updated this in weeks because I got pulled away. I wanted to see if I had done that. Yeah, I had, I had used a serif for editorial, but then I think whenever, whenever I was thinking about the other stuff, you can see it's not even on. I was thinking about sans serif. I didn't build this alto, obviously. All right. Go back where? Clawdians. Yeah. It would just look so much different if the corners were not rounded. Like it just, it degrades your perception of the whole page. Like, it's hard to. I had that. I, I, exactly what I commented on with her. I, I said that the. The rounded corners these days, it just, it just feels like something that AI would do. But I think that we have to figure out exactly what that looks like. And I actually think that Serena's did a good job. So her corners are rounded. But yeah, but they're exactly they're more subtly rounded and blended in more or something. So I think like stylistically, I think this one is way, way closer for me. But I think that there is maybe some, some organizational stuff we still need to figure out. And that's through no fault of yours. Serena, my God, you've like, I can't again, I can't even believe this. This is crazy. You know, she just, she just cooks without ingredients and then, and brings us the ingredients. It's amazing. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, sorry. I just continue. Like comment and go tangents and forcing you to into conversation. No, you're good. The comment that I was going to just make was. Like on a, on a figma design. Like we obviously seeing a screen of a screen. So it's like we're sort of zoomed away from like what it would look like on my, on my monitor. If you like try to zoom in right now to what the full page experience would look like for the, for one of these, doesn't matter which, which one. Yeah. Like let me, let me do something real quick because I can actually go up here to this play button. And, well, it played this mobile one. I said the yeah. The prototype set up. That's okay. Well, quite honestly, this is zoomed to 100%. So let's just actually, if I do that, it's going to fuck it up. This is how, what's that? Sorry, I was just going to say I just switched it to a no device prototype setting. Okay, thanks. Thank you. So this is Ed largely what that screen is going to look like in terms of the fold on this one. You're probably looking at right about the bottom of hero here. This is like what a standard MacBook Pro would show. Would be this here. You wouldn't see any of this billboard. Okay. The reason I was bringing this up because I thought that. Everything was kind of big. But I could totally be wrong. There could be just like a wrong assumption or impression. Like all the components are big and it's. Like a lot of space. Yeah. Because like, and, and that could be a good thing. Too. Because when I open up something like coindesk, it just seems like there's a lot more here, like more components, more text, like more everything, more boxes. That could be worse because it's like an overload of options. Right. So that's to be stylistic. So I just like, I don't know. Because I assume this is like the width of my, of my screen would be the same. Like I just, you know, port it right there. And it just like the stories would look huge on my screen. It feels like. But again, I don't know like might be not a bad thing. I think when we were previously talking about it, like depending on the desktop size, if you were to expand it, we would add more stories, I think. Yeah, we did. Yeah. Okay. Okay. The way that coindesk right now, this is at, this is at like 1800 pixels. But let's go down to like 1400. Which is what we're looking at 1440. Which is what, this is a standard 1440 by 900. Not 50. So this is sort of what a standard user is going to see. I hate that they've got this 300 byte or 970 by 250. Here. That's pretty bad. But what do I like about this? Let's maybe talk about what we like. I actually like the media player. They've got, this is sort of their price ticker, right? CoinDesk 20, that's like an indices, I guess. So they're, they're like, they're mixing indices and prices. Really clear call to actions for latest crypto news, view all stories, latest videos. But this is not very well designed, in my opinion. This is not a sexy site. We can definitely beat this. And in fact, like Serena's already beating this. But we do need to be thoughtful. And I think maybe the key is. Yeah, no, I was just going to say it probably is just the effect of looking at a screen on a screen like in figma and just like making my brain hurt, trying to think of what that would look like on my screen, actual design this year. Disregard it. Yeah, I think, I think this, I think our design already is. Like, in my opinion, better than coindesk. Yeah, yeah, I agree. And just to reiterate what Serena was just saying. How do I close this? Sorry, y'all. I'm. Like, it's been a minute since I've messed with a prototype mode. How do I close this prototypes? Okay, this is what I want right here. I'm going to pull this one out. Serena. This is the one that I like right now. And then, so this is 1440. This, this frame is $1,440 pixels wide, which again, that's MacBook Pro. If we were to make this 18, it's probably going to break some things. But I just want to see. No, it didn't. If like, if we were to make this 1800 pixels wide, now the screen is really wide. We could do the thing where it remains at 1375. Or we could to Serena's point. It would probably do something like this at some point. Oops. It's all right. Maybe this isn't going to work for me. There's, she has. Something set up here to where it won't. But yeah, the idea is that all that's okay, Sho, don't worry about it. The idea is that we would, we would grow another column in there and that this would then move over. And we would just have four columns. And then conversely, if the screen got smaller, we would lose this middle column. And then everything would pop over to the left, I think. You know, so that way we preserve the ad. So then it would be hero story and then add right next to it on, say, like a, like an old school 1024 monitor. So in this model, but I, that's what I like about this. It feels like it could work going expanding or contracting. But with that said, it's almost 10 o'clock. So this meeting is, is wrapping up. Now, I think that there's a lot here. I do want to explore the version where we sort of take a little bit of what Claudine has done in terms of, you know, she's leaned more into this, like this smorgasbord of, like, options above the fold rather than being so new centric, which again, I know that was my direct history. But like, let's, let's take that concept and play out your styles in that concept where you create more abbreviated versions of your sections, and then you don't mess with necessarily required a jump nav. You know, and you kind of like try to give them the sampling up top. It's, it's definitely walking a fine rope between, between having enough news because we're news organization and showing the user that we also do other things other than just news. I get it. It's not necessarily the easiest thing. But. Cool yeah, I was just going to say I could definitely work on that and then get back to you guys. Okay, well Serena and I meet several times a week. I'm sure I'll see you more of her work this week. And I too am going to spend. I promise I will spend some time on this this week, Serena, and that will help me help you as well. I don't know that you need much of my help, but, but it, it will make me feel better. So, all right. Well, appreciate you all in a product. If you have any thoughts or, you know, anything occurs to you or you come across a pattern or a site that you think is working, let's, like, let's talk about it. Set up a huddle. Let's jump on a call. Let's talk like please.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:57:54.166Z)

Go.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:57:55.798Z)

Yeah.

### Sean (2026-04-20T14:57:56.166Z)

I was going to say, take a good exercise for me is doing what we were just kind of doing, which is going through like other news. Websites and just kind of playing around and just seeing what I'm attracted to and what I don't like. So I think because for the most part, all I do is like the research I do is all read based. I need to start doing visual and feel.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:58:17.318Z)

What was that site, Serena, that Canadian news site that used to use weeks ago? Wealthsimple magazine. Yeah, well simple. I'll share my screen and we can look at, and I know we're going to go, I promise. I'm not going to keep you all on past not. We got two minutes. It's a little bit easier for them because they're not like a re, they're not a, a publisher in the same sense that we are like these stories will live here. For like a week, right? They're not doing the same. But I did love how. Open and airy this stuff is, right? Like this feels so much more modern than what we're doing. And I know we can't, we're not going to achieve this same level of sort of design centric approach. But I do think there's something here. Like if we can. And the last thing I'll say is the metaphor between an Apple store and a Walmart. When, when you go into Walmart, they throw everything at you, you know, and everything has it the minimal sort of footprint that it can have so that they can cram as much shit in there as possible. That's what Coindesk feels like to me. Coindesk site. This feels like a Walmart, right? It's like, okay, here's your, here's your candy, here's your, you know, your poultry section or whatever. It's just like everything. It feels like a fucking Walmart. Whereas this feels like an Apple store. It's like. Cause when you go into an Apple store, they create a lot of intentional space around every single product because they understand that, like, the more space that's around the product, the more important that product, you know, it has. So we got to figure out what is that balance look like for us. Because at the end of the day, we are more like a Walmart than an Apple store in terms of the content that we're, you know, creating or the, the amount of it. But if we can present it more like an Apple store, then I think that's something that we should, we should strive for because it does make it feel more premium and, you know, more important. To, to.

### Sean (2026-04-20T15:00:25.046Z)

We can find like a Goldilocks. Can you send me that website? That was cool. That I love the.

### Guest (2026-04-20T15:00:28.918Z)

Yeah, yeah.

### Sean (2026-04-20T15:00:30.726Z)

3D effect, the 3D effect while you're scrolling down. That was interesting.

### Guest (2026-04-20T15:00:31.318Z)

Absolutely. I love that too. Yeah. It's like got that, that subtle parallax effect is beautiful. All right, I'm going to send it to our product design team channel because I'll also, we'll forget about it, Sean has sent me this a couple times that I keep forgetting about it.

### Sean (2026-04-20T15:00:45.366Z)

Cool. Thank you.

### Guest (2026-04-20T15:00:49.718Z)

All right. Well, thank you all very much for this again. You know, if we have any questions or updates this week, we'll send them a synchronously just to keep this ball rolling as fast as we can.

### Sean (2026-04-20T15:01:00.966Z)

Cool.

### Guest (2026-04-20T15:01:00.998Z)

Appreciate y'all. Thank you. Thanks everyone.

### Sean (2026-04-20T15:01:02.166Z)

Thank you guys.

### Guest (2026-04-20T15:01:03.878Z)

See ya. Bye.

### Sean (2026-04-20T15:01:04.006Z)

Bye.

