---
granola_id: a73c58af-1980-446c-90ed-347285e5e081
granola_type: transcript
type: meeting
domain:
  - product-management
status: active
ai-context: Full transcript of campus sync - transcript.
context: the-block
created: 2026-04-28
source: granola-sync
attendees:
  - ddebreczeni@theblock.co
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - mhulis@theblock.co
  - mprice@theblock.co
  - norobenko@theblock.co
  - rvishneuski@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Campus Sync.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Campus Sync

## Attendees
- David Debreczeni (ddebreczeni@theblock.co)
- Matt Vitebsky (mvitebsky@theblock.co)
- Ed Rupkus (erupkus@theblock.co)
- Maria Hulis (mhulis@theblock.co)
- Mike Price (mprice@theblock.co)
- Nika Orobenko (norobenko@theblock.co)
- rvishneuski (rvishneuski@theblock.co)

### Sean (2026-04-28T13:30:55.344Z)

Hello everybody.

### Guest (2026-04-28T13:30:58.490Z)

Hi guys. Expecting Nikita to join? Another minute. Just ping him just in case. Hey Mike.

### Sean (2026-04-28T13:31:36.944Z)

You just move the camera.

### Guest (2026-04-28T13:31:39.450Z)

S my main camera's busted. So it's giving you the side view instead of straight on here.

### Sean (2026-04-28T13:31:41.824Z)

Oh shit. Next time whenever you fix it I just want to see multiple angles throughout the meeting.

### Guest (2026-04-28T13:31:53.690Z)

Just make sure the skeleton is in the background. Oh Jane. Good old Jane. Reply it's okay if he's. Like blocked in. Maybe he forgot or didn't notice the calendar invite. Can fill him in anything to be honest but yeah the reason I we scheduled this call and wanted to get a recurring. I forget now b-weekly or weekly check-in in terms of campus and all the things that are sort of in flight for it so that we don't lose track of all the. Obviously the implementations that we're currently working on as well as bugs that are most pressing and need fixing. So. Yeah okay perfect. I don't know let's start with sponsored courses how things are going house testing. Fill in on the. Last front end part. But are things. So we have a bunch of different bugs let me share. Ticket URL. For you. The most. Important. Issue is that. Some users who registered during crypto IQ. They log in properly with Twitter right now. So. Thank to handle this another thing important thing is that. This step for users who use Twitter fertilization that you should verify email. And if this email was. Used for. Like another account of interview. Yeah. For usual testing I mean interview flow then you can't use that email anymore. Because this user kind of exists as interview. So if they went. Log in with that email would did not ask them to just have like they've been assigned to different organization or something yeah it's kind of like this email was already used. Like this user already exists. Basically to a bit bigger thing so one of them is. The people who already signed in to the crypto IQ they have an identity they have with the specific role we use for the crypto queue only in that case to handle. The possibility to sign in into the regular campus we need to finish the multi auth sign in flow which was finished on the design part but we never had the time to finish it on our side. So when you sign in you can choose in which account you want to sign in because on the one email there can be multiple users exists at the same time one for example in your organization from your job and for example on the same email you can have your personal account for example. We need to finish the possibility to choose where exactly you want to sign in. So that will unlock the crypto IQ users because we will be able to issue them a separate user with the proper role to use the campus. And then they will be able to sign in. The other problem is if the previously invited to take. The campus test as in as an interviewee or like the k oil. And you've used a specific email for that, if you will sign in with the Twitter. Then you will enter that email. You won't be able to use it because it's attached to a different user. And here we might want to have a join mechanism. Where if you will prove that you own that email address you will be able to link those two identities together there will be only one identities left. Combining those two authentication methods through the Twitter and through the email. We will join the users and bomb you will be able to sign in, but we only can start talking about the join mechanism after we will finish the regular multi user sign in flow. Because it's impossible to build one without the other one. How much of an effort is the mult. I user. Author the back end was pretty much done but not really kind of tacit. I mean like in real life conditions during the initial identity transition. So it was a long time ago. So we only miss the front end part here. From the interface standpoint. So we'll need to build the front end and then test it out to see like if it real works how the provisioning works and the other things because. They will build, they would kind of test it locally without the front end support. So I'm not sure if it still works. Good or some blue adjustments will be needed. But the core functionality on the backend already exists. So it should not be that huge issue. This is somewhat substantial UI, I would say on the front end well it can be built it's a matter of time. I just wanted this binding also, but I wanted to ask. Like. Do we truly need this right now or one of the potential ways to circumvent it would do. Like for example how much do we care about prior crypto IQ participants? So as an example the person which was previously registered during crypto IQ tries to log in. We already have an account for them. And what if at this moment we will transform them to a regular user and just completely substitute the roles etc etc. Would this work or do we want to like reserve all of it? How much do we care? But at the same time we should understand that it will introduce the hack if it's which I don't like. In the long term support. Flow. Because otherwise then if you will try to sign into the crypto IQ we will need to add. The code to check if you did really had a crypto IQ submissions to allow you to sign in. Or if you did not we should not allow you to sign and. Even. I mean like well that's mostly my question would we have somebody that is willing to log in into crypto IQ specifically? Because if no then the fix is even easier. If we care. That specifically hinges upon the fact of like people going back to check their crypto IQ score slash restarting crypto IQ for the next like next to you know iteration of it right. So like if we like we wipe them can we wipe those like users pretend it's as if crypto doesn't exist anymore. Yeah this was my first suggestion I was I wasn't even confident enough and in the suggestion this one on the call but yeah we can and this eliminates the issue from what I understand completely. Not completely because the other issue with interviews and so on. Yeah well but these parts with crypto users and yes it resolves it. So with our current campus implementation if you were invited to take a test or to if we're invited to whatever for the interview process you wouldn't be able to get a one on one like you weren't able to buy a course with that same email. Like if you tried to like sign in and. Purchase under that specific email you wouldn't be able to with the sounds like with just the guests so in our case the interview is or the KOLs it should be kind of possible without the additional fixes. Because the crypto queue is a bit different. And. That's the only thing right now. Because if you only have one identity and one user with the roll gas will be filtering out all of the guests to see if you have a normal user. And if you have only one. Normal user we will allow you to sign in because it's kind of the same. If you have. Just one user without the guest users. We can try to do the same thing with the crypto key to filter out them during the sign in flow normal sign in. Not the crypto you sign in. And see if you have. Even if you have an identity. Do you have a normal user outside of the crypto IQ users and the guests interview the users if you don't what will issue you a normal user which will be allowed to sign in and proceed during the normal campus flow. That can work out actually. Without the need to run Rupdias and build the multi-sign inflow at least for now, but it's still not closing the whole problem by itself. Yeah we need to multi auth. Because then once we have multi auth then like multi profile whatever account. Then even if you had like a test you're taking a test or you were invited as a KLL or whatever. If you're trying to sign in fresh you can select whether like you know whether you want to do one on one or go back to. Your. No we don't allow to sign in anymore I mean like it was not planned to allow anybody to sign in after it took a test. Because it doesn't mean you have. Normal campus accounts. You have like only a guest role user and that's that's it so you cannot make the decision. If we're talking about just the regular KOLs interviewees we took a test you can sign into campus we will get you a normal student account no problems we only need to add the same filtration for the crypto IQ at least for now. So we will be able to sign in you even if you took the crypto IQ. Yeah I think the growth tag is like I'm pretty sure that leadership is not going to care about strictly Q like the event has ended. And if we need to restart it we can just restart fresh you don't need to keep history of it. So. I like really worried about crypto IQ I'm just now thinking about the other parts if people for some reason are attached to crypto equity they want to. Like maintain it then I guess our option is to multi profile auth but I mean like. Probably no because the crypto IQ sign in page is a different one you just cannot sign into the crypto queue through the campus sign in. It's just two separate parts in one place you can sign in only to the crypto IQ. Only if you had an account with some kind of results. And the other place you can only sign into campus. Which is our general campus sign in okay so if we if we tossed crypto IQ now. Just trying to unblock it the task script IQ. You said that we still would have to do some sort of like quick patch you know hot fix for the KOLs and the test takers to try to sign into the sponsored course. Yep. A little much lesser than overriding the users or something like that. Can be capped for a bit longer long-term perspective but still again not closing the need for multi profile sign in and the join process which we don't have at all even from the design perspective. Yeah. I guess from a product perspective like if you if you use a product. At a specific company with one certain email and then you try to do a whole different one. It kind of makes sense do you need look have had that experience before we do different email it's not ideal not great UX. But it's not. Like. Arts wrap your mind around why it would mean a different email so I. Even if it doesn't work I mean like if there's an error or you know whatever and not that there's like hundreds of thousands of people that are in that boat. So okay I feel like I should go that route I'll check in with leadership and make sure they're aligned on that but most likely we'll just toss IQ and like like the records I guess right like we can still keep the whole. I mean like if we're going with the patch effects. I've talked about we don't need to. Remove any of the data. Will be preserved just the cold changes to filter out the crypto key users. And treat them regularly interviewees or something like that. Okay. Any other huge blockers like that. Not huge but we have. Some UI bugs those are pretty minor niches will fix those definitely we have problem with queries progress tracking Nikita will fix that as well also certificate generation that will be fixed as well so those are not outstanding issues it's like regular bugs it will be fixed but we have to discuss another thing. We will have on production guard for Twitter accounts like we had for crypto eqs and at some point we faced the issue when some people important people can't log in using the Twitter accounts because of that guard yeah and we created eventually white listing logic. As you remember I guess we will face this issue this time as well so should we create listing project here as well? Is it difficult to spin that up? Not that way adding just manually adding profiles to the database right. It was implemented architecture so we can just use that right yeah that's yeah ahead of it. A good point. And from QA. Point of view of everything. It's normal cool it's those are the same the same like Zach requirements as crypto QRA was like 90 days 50 followers 30 twits and no private profiles. But I think we might change the private profiles filtering. Because right now we don't check if you shared the card where it's yeah. So we I think we should stuff that I'm worried about is like bots you know. But from my knowledge of how a profiles work on exos that should. Protect us. Yeah I mean I guess yeah it doesn't really matter right if it's private or not. Yeah because for the crypto kit was most more kind of the requirements so we will be able to track down the posts and share it or not. Okay. By the way returning a bit to the previous topic of different accounts I have a really cringe idea but this just might about work so what if during the process of logging we detect that a user is a previous crypto IK user. With slap on like imagine they're logging on there Ed adds the blog.com what we if we slap the usual like add plus one. And then block.co because later on we can detect from where the user tries to logged in login. Can we we actually can because otherwise we will need to adjust the email. To where we will be sending out the emails. Not all of the email services support the plus thing as the Gmail does as far as I know. But correct. Most of them should from what I recall. At least I know about the Gmail support most of email clients do work and will. If you know for a fact that some popular one does not support it, then yeah, this is not an option, but this is certainly like a hackathix, but it does eliminate the whole thing. Though. I'm just not a fan of touching the user's data. And introducing more inconsistencies. I think it's still their email. Strictly speaking though, it is still their email just with the post fix. So to support, what is it if it's a plus one it came from here the plus two it was from there. Just creates a lot of issues. I was just like sort of brainstorming around like there really quick fix in dirty one to eliminate the whole issue altogether. And this is. No, I appreciate that. Yeah, I'm against that. You know what I also am. I just wanted to bring everything on the tail on the on the plate. So that way at least consider it. I did preface that. Okay, let's go with nikita's proposed plan. For allowing those people to sign in and then I'll get an answer, a feeler for the crypto IQ. Thing. If we have to get that, that's to get to that point if we need to like just wipe it. So because that was like the larger number of people that. Participated. All the like this, the number of kls and individual test takers, I feel like they're not, it's not that big. So we can live with that. If, you know, worst comes to worst. So that's fine then for, yeah, we'll need the manual profile addition. At the back end. And what else? How's things with the 201 bugs? Enterprise? David, have you been, have you had a chance to work on those? Yes, I corrected all of the bugs that Roma has noted. I commented on the. Ticket itself and I had the so everything should work. As it's supposed. To. Yeah, I saw some comments there. I haven't checked yet. Where those new courses were loaded. Yes, updated all three. We might want to have the separate exports for the dev box because we did them for the prod. The prod was updated, but Roma is mostly testing on the dev box. So yeah, if you send me the deploy separate exports for tier one. I think we updated also, but let me check. Okay, I forgot. Nice. Thank you. If you can just send like all of them at the same time. So I will just update all of them. That will be perfect. But that I will test again after sponsored courses, I guess. You'll do what after sponsor courses. I will test this one.

### Sean (2026-04-28T13:57:08.064Z)

Yeah please.

### Guest (2026-04-28T13:57:09.770Z)

Yeah. Thank you. Everyone. Anything else? Yeah. One last thing I do suppose, like if there is some friction with the management, I guess circumventing this whole issue, just be mindful that even the solution with like full fledged multi account thingy it is doable and it'll not take like a month. It's like, I don't know weak tops still. So like there is, well. To do it better. Like it's slightly more, especially with testing. But like I said like it is still an option as long as time is there. Gotcha. Well pressed and it's not okay. But if we are not, then it certainly can be done. The only, I guess somewhat major concern is again strictly speaking release into features at the same time which is. Not usually go as great as really seeing a single one does the desire to avoid it at least temporarily. But all in all it can. Be done in a somewhat tandem. Thanks. And haven't asked about the wallet collection. How's that stuff going? This was still my update for the daily. Yes probably can skip the daily because there's no real reason for to join. These companies. And just in case I've added the possibility to make those exports on the admin panel. To export the CSVs with the wallets, emails and the Twitter handles. If you want me to add a bit more information to those exports just let me know. Okay wallets emails and Twitter handles. Yep. That's what being exported right now. I was going to say like there's probably not much else that we're collecting on them. Except for like the metadata on the courses. We also collected with metrics. If we want to sell it, we can sell it. We collect it. We're going to say. Well you're going to say Nikita. I was going to say that the wallet thingy, the well adding it slash editing ads on later step. This will go out to Romance testing today. Well, I'm going to do it. Sometime after this call today and yeah as of after that I'll focus on a few bugs that he has for me on the front part of Sounds good. Okay Nikita, oh let me know how it goes with back in finagling all of the logins. Because if we have to, if we need to pivot, we'll just put bringing this to our attention. And yeah, I think this calls will definitely be helpful going ahead. So. I'll see you guys later. See you guys.

### Sean (2026-04-28T14:00:56.224Z)

Thank you.

