---
granola_id: b1513851-3e3f-4461-b0b2-5c0a2936eb5d
title: ".Co x Campus Roadmap discussion - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-03-17T19:30:02.972Z
updated: 2026-03-17T19:58:28.900Z
attendees: 
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/.Co x Campus Roadmap discussion.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: .Co x Campus Roadmap discussion

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:30:26.443Z)

Hey, Sean.

### You (2026-03-17T19:30:27.093Z)

'Sup, dude?

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:31:23.583Z)

Hey, Matt. What up, boys?

### You (2026-03-17T19:31:26.533Z)

What you gonna do?

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:31:30.213Z)

Are doing? Not too bad. Ready to talk road map. Let's do it. Alright. So we sat down and chatted about this with the assumptions that mid April, we'll be losing basically half of our devs more or less. And that going forward after individuals or just after this point of courses will basically stop focusing on campus. So the main two core pillars is traffic growth and increasing revenue by either building on the current revenue arms or adding new new new revenue arms, new new avenues. So by looking at, like, where we're right now, obviously, March is almost more than halfway in. I don't know. Do you wanna go, like, month by month? What we would have put down? Or what would you prefer? We're talking about specific specific items such as, like, translations and looking at how that was gonna progress. Yeah. Let's do the progression route. Okay. So for translations right now, Nikita or Nicolas is sort of playing with them as local. He's working on it. I owe him tickets and the epic for that. I we I suspect that we'll basically with MVP version, we'll we'll be in dev and in QA April at some point. He's obviously had a lot of other stuff today, like SEO and and other optimizations that he's working on. But I I'd expect that to be in QA by in April at some point. CTO, I think that CTO has I think it's super imperative that we continue and, like, actually see through all of these optimizations because that's, like, lowest hanging fruit. I think our we both we both agree that the experience is not ideal on the home page and article in terms of throughs, etcetera. So CTO article, requirements are scoped out sort of, like, scoped out right now. I have like, what the numbers and examples of where I'm where I'm seeing the CTO for articles going. We need to sit down and, like, decide if that's the right direction, what need we what we need to edit, etcetera. And we probably would hand it off to design the article part in April right after the done list the homepage, which is currently InDesign. So then, obviously so, you know, both of them sort of move parallel with each other. Probably, see the homepage one, we would move into dev, hopefully, at some point, either this month or beginning of next month. And know, we would, like, kick it off basically to the development, I guess, April. And then the CTO for article, would, like, basically trail one month behind what I would expect. And then hopefully, in May, we can ship the new homepage And then this and the following month for article CTO. I have data listed as well because I think data I mean, it's basically performing as well as our home page with how many page views it gets. So clearly, people use it and we have to make sure that we don't break. That whole experience, but also that we could make that a lot better. So same idea for data. It's just trailing one month again. Obviously, we can prioritize deprioritize as needed, but I think we should not forget about that for sure. But that's CTO Currently, what's what else is in dev? Like, right now, obviously, we just shifted to sponsored courses. We spoke with the devs What what's here in the italics is that if we're talking about mid April, late April, release date, they'd think that there is a there's a version of two zero one individual access that we could, like, sort of like a v 0.5 of two zero one individual access that we could strive for. And they see an angle there, but part of me just think that that that's probably just like, easier to just like, pause for now. And then if we want to focus on it, we can continue doing that after our sponsored courses are live and working. I also, like, Yeah. I would say full full core press on sponsored courses and then will, like we'll eventually finish two zero one. So you can put that into, like, May or June. Gotcha. K. K. Okay. Yeah. Well, part of me, I have, like we have ideas and, like, sort of notes as well that we'll incorporate into the eventual slideshow, but my personal take on campus is that we have to narrow the scope if we if if we're gonna continue, like, supporting and and trying to sell this I think that we need to just forget about the individual access and just, like, completely narrow down to enterprise and, like, hiring and upskilling. And just try to, like, ace that and and you know, not overcomplicate stuff for us. Because it's clearly, like, for individuals and. We need to make it work first for anyone. Exactly. Yeah. So asked to be cleaned up which you know, Sean and David are going through the whole course. A lot of those bugs and everything that we see is on the actual, like, interface of of the Articulate So the platform itself seems to be working. It's just there's many bugs that have not been addressed. K. So that's where sponsored courses so, yeah, we probably as we talked whatever this version is, what it entails, it'll probably just be just, you know, the full sponsored courses integration from .co to campus. We would hope to be in QA in April mid April. Was the preliminary date that we spoke about. Brian is working on that on the .co side, and campus devs are working on that right now. And additional to the bugs that still have That's for campus election coverage. It's in dev. It's like, 80% ish ton. From the v one. We'll have the v two start. Basically, we'll kick it off in May. As we finalize the formulas and we get more clarity from standard crypto. So it's in dev in March. We expect it to be in QA April you know, as soon as Marina comes back from work, basically, before they both get LEGO Maria and Marina. So the v one should be live in April. V two starts. Yeah. We kick it off, basically. Essentially, as as soon as we can, we'll start kicking it off. They'll we wanna make sure we we get it right with the voting block index. The formula is, like, 90%, if not more than And, yeah, I just gotta make sure that we have, like, all the share buttons, We have all the branding around all those graphs so that we we cap capture the whole, you know, opportunity to get to go viral. That stuff eventually. That's election coverage and and, you know, it probably will probably could if we wanted to, could go live in May, but you know, midterms probably become more of a topic in June. Just as the election cycle goes. So some planning for somewhere in June probably is Yeah. It has to be after all the primaries. Yeah. Block iOS app. Is in QA essentially this month. Right? Like, I think we're nearing the release. So obviously, we we should probably have to, like, dedicate some sort of dev resources to the upkeep and making sure that, you know, if there are any bugs that we clean it up at post launch. But then Block app on Android if we succeed and if if it's has traction it's almost a necessity. So depending on how quickly we can launch the iOS app, we probably would start with Android. Right after. So I have it marked as in dev in May. Then job boards is ready for release. QA just I think last few things of QA are are being done. So the whole flow is finalized or adding your email to a newsletter, list through, you know, reaching out and submitting your info for your company and what you're want to get your jobs listed. Then moving on to April things can be prioritized deprioritized But, basically, all the, like, not underlying stuff is sort of new things that we haven't that that are not concrete and that have not been sort of, like, confirmed already and and sort of kicked off. By design or development. So we have included the media hub which is, you know, a huge part of probably of of our media team strategy. Support all the different you know, initiatives that they're launching with Around The Block. With all the podcast arms that we have and just increase continue increasing our brand reach. We have to design it first and see what it entails, but when I presented this idea to the media team meeting, everybody was super supportive and would like would love to have it out yesterday. Project CTO already talked about it. Daily show with Gareth. Gareth has a lot of ideas. He he's building like, a pitch, I guess, or some sort of, like, plan that he wants to go with again with, you know, as as a sort of head of media and daily show is one of the things that like, I saw the slides for it. He wants to have, like, a daily Monday through Friday sort of like a recap show And the most straightforward low hanging fruit is to have that show play as, like, a video on dot co home page. Sort of like kinda like CoinDesk does it with their video. We can obviously discuss of how we wanna scope it out, but if if that's something that he's been very successful, it's previous experiences, it's it's very likely that we would succeed as well with the same cases on it. Yeah. So again, we can prioritize, deprioritize, but we could probably try scoping that out in April as well. Then what else we haven't talked about? Karai's hard at work. He's doing all these like, he's trying to clean up all the the pages and optimize learn, optimize prices. All the different pages that we have currently in addition to putting focus towards AI initiatives too. So geo and learn is one of those pages that he he thinks has the most potential. So learn obviously needs some love and that probably is a is a great chance to address some of those concerns with learn and all the schemas and all the content that we serve there. So we have a geo listed here as for key co I'm not sure how much front end work would be. Most maybe, it's just mostly back end some FAQ sections on a lot of it, but we would need editorial buy in as well because that's that content just has to be updated periodically, basically. It can be stale for a year. Or a year and a half. So, yeah, that's another thing that's, I guess, maybe shouldn't be underlined because it's still not it's still out. What we'll have in dev in April, we'll have translations and sponsor courses as, like, confirmed, and dev will will be saying bye to mention midway through. So we'll We are keeping the key to Makita g. Right? Yep. Yeah. Yeah. So he'll obviously help out the sponsored courses and then the, the the one individuals after that. So in QA for release, we'll we should expect to have the sponsored courses, the election coverage, and hopefully, translations MVP for a language of our choice. I haven't I haven't chatted with Jeff yet. Yet about the language, which I probably should do, like, ASAP. Have you heard anything that can update on the, like, on Jeff's front? Yeah. So I told him that Spanish is gonna be our first one, as Corey recommends it for a CEO, and then he asked me what the what else we're gonna do, and I said that we're considering, like, Mandarin, Korean, Japanese, and he said those are probably the right areas to focus. I don't think he has, like, a real perspective just yet, but it's probably good to, like, walk him through our reasoning or Corey's reasoning on why we're targeting certain languages. Gotcha. Yeah. I think it also will be very evident. Like or or or evident or not evident whether that has legs. You know? We'll see our analytics for how long it takes us to start getting clicks or getting ranked or stuff like that, how how effective the strategy is, and then we can potentially talk about maybe more than just the article or more languages for just articles. Just we can discuss that later. As we see some data come in. May, you know, start to trickle into sort of, like, unconfirmed initiative area here. So three main things that we have thought about is the unified off strategy. So, again, if we have the mobile apps in play, We have the sponsored courses and, like, the campus ecosystem still running. Have to have dot co desktop version supporting profiles as well. And we can release it without any sort of, like, features that would benefit you and authenticating on that call. So whether that's adding watch list, whether that's bookmarking or saving your dashboards, or a funding dashboard migrated from Pro there's need need to be some sort of benefit to to authenticating and that's another initiative that we can embark on and scope it out. In addition to that, we have Blockbites. So that's the you know, research slash editorial commentary, in light of some of our audience always asking for alpha So helping our audience think on the recent news and recent data development. It's the play basically on traffic. I guess it could also sponsor a few like, add some ad placements. So probably revenue angle as well. But that's just mostly traffic play to bring a lot of that CT traffic to dot co. Have community engagement events at cryptoiq/quizzes. So just putting it out putting it there for like, as a placeholder because the media team love love them. They love CryptoIQ engagement. Much how many clicks we generated and impressions? So whether it's an annual event, whether it's a quarterly or whatever is, maybe it's just a Friday night game show maybe, you like a once once per once per quarter thing. That's, like, branded around campus or it could be branded around anythings. But you know, it's just supporting that in any way we see fit just put a put it as a placeholder there. Then what we'll have in designing also just basically a few of these April initiatives probably will be with design already. And I don't know, like, if we if we don't spend any more time on on on campus, we probably could move one of these things to design. Like, we have Josh, Claudia, and and Serena. So maybe there's some sort of divvying up of initiatives and maybe one person works on the on The Daily Show, wherein the other person is working on the article. But yeah, we wanna have we'll probably gonna have a little bit of, like, a bottleneck. What's one person in QA. But, yeah, we actually hand design work. So some sort of combination of these initiatives based on priorities. We'll lend to them. We'll kick off development in May for the new the the v two of election coverage. CTO, whenever it's ready, will maybe both article and and data will be in flight. As well as the Android app. Yeah. And by hopefully, that point, we're already done with CTO for home page. And it essentially, it's it's not a huge I I guess it's it could balloon up for us and the scope could grow, but I don't see it as a super huge, like, feature. That requires a lot of work. It's a lot of components and ability to ability to manage them. In WordPress or, like, CLMS, whatever makes most sense. And yeah. And then just basically, like, the the rest of the stuff that doesn't fit, it's just trickling last We have a few things that both of us have have thought about. Like, Sean had a few of the ideas that I'm not sure that you've, heard yet, but yeah, these are basically a little bit newer, like, I don't even know how to how to present them, but, basically, x four zero two API, but that that would be a play on on our API data. I think you've heard of the x four zero two and probably Sean could talk about it better than me. But basically playing into the microtransaction area. And allowing Yeah. The view you seen Mike's work on his self serve APIs? I have not.

### You (2026-03-17T19:52:18.163Z)

Not yet.

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:52:20.343Z)

Mike randomly did a a personal passion project, and he created a self serve portal. It's not out yet. For API, but he's thinking about four zero two for that.

### You (2026-03-17T19:52:26.903Z)

Okay.

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:52:28.843Z)

Awesome.

### You (2026-03-17T19:52:29.193Z)

Cool. I was I gonna bring the idea to him, but I didn't wanna start bringing it up until actually had this conversation. So

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:52:35.243Z)

Yeah. Feel free. I mean, he's pretty much, like, I think 80% of the way there, so feel free to bring it up to

### You (2026-03-17T19:52:42.023Z)

k.

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:52:42.633Z)

Just how I told you that he's working on a self serve for APIs.

### You (2026-03-17T19:52:45.613Z)

Okay.

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:52:46.123Z)

Awesome. And then another thing, Sean, part of was if we would open up Simon AI for, like, the app or Letgo we probably would have to switch out from GPT to, like, save our like, to to open source. LLM. So we don't start ballooning in costs Or just have it for paying users. Yeah. Look at that. Yeah. I think that most of this is pretty good. I think what we have to be aware of is we're hiring for a new CEO. So basically, anything past May is potentially up for debate after they start. We should have a perspective on pro if we wanted to improve it. What could that look like and what from a product standpoint would we, like, advocate for building out or improving on pro? Think that's, like, the only thing missing here.

### You (2026-03-17T19:53:46.753Z)

I know I know Mike said that he was also working on the API well, the Simon API for the mobile app. What what would it be within there? Essentially? Just for pro as well?

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:53:56.773Z)

No. Sorry. Not for Simon. A general outlook on if we wanted to revive pro what were the what would the steps be that we need to take to, like, validate that? Do we wanna talk to? And then you know, from a product perspective, what would we wanna build on?

### You (2026-03-17T19:54:14.883Z)

No. I I was thinking about was talking about because Mike said he's working on an API like, assignment API for the moment.

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:54:20.993Z)

He he built it. It's done. I'm up putting it in the in the mobile app yet. He built it. For Jordan and the media team to use. Eventually, it could go on the app, but I don't wanna put too many features in just yet. I wanna actually get it live.

### You (2026-03-17T19:54:36.413Z)

There.

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:54:38.743Z)

Okay. Well, so there's there's there's nibbling at at reviving pro. Yeah. I mean, any CEO is gonna look at it and think, well, it has more revenue than campus. And you guys haven't touched it in eighteen months. What if we touched it? So I think it's just a good place for us to have an opinion on it. Mhmm. Then maybe they look at it and they're like, it's not worth it. But they're gonna come to us and ask what we think we should do with pro because it does have revenue. And the right low cost today. Gotcha. Yeah. I would have you guys dig into pro, maybe this week. And then I have a lot of perspectives on it, but I kinda wanna see what you guys think. But don't just think of it as, like, what features we need to build. Like, think of it as, like, a whole zero to one process of who do we need to talk to, what how do we validate it, How do we validate, like, our hypothesis with the customers that exist? How do we validate it with new customers or churn customers? I think it was like a if you were basically building pro from the ground up, what would you do? Gotcha. Yeah. This is great. I think this is pretty much ready to go into a deck. Okay. And should we have the same sort of design, like, what we're working on now, what's up next, and then looking ahead? Yeah. I would angle it into more thematic, like, project ZTO probably deserves its own section. It's about, like, really continuing to improve the core. Mhmm. Maybe maybe it makes more sense to be thematic about this one. Yeah. So improving the foundation with project CTO and other things. Expanding audience with the iOS app, with elections, Yeah. I think you can group these into yeah. Like, GEO would be, like, the foundation. Daily Show Media Hub would be, like, expansion. Translation would be expansion. So it's really, like, solidify the core and expand would be, like, the theme of the deck. Gotcha. Better words. Yeah. Okay. I'm just thinking if we have any other things that I would like to ask beforehand. Anything on your side? When is when when are we sorry. Ahead. I actually have a question.

### You (2026-03-17T19:57:36.553Z)

No. That you go ahead. I think

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:57:40.283Z)

Oh, what is the our

### You (2026-03-17T19:57:40.513Z)

I about it.

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:57:43.723Z)

when do we when do we want the deck by? Like, draft of the deck or whatever? Sometime next week when we got a lot of shit going on. I think this is good for now if you can send me a link to this. Yeah. It's just an insane well, not the same. That we've I'll send it to you. I got it. Alright. Alright. Thank you, guys. Yeah. I'm gonna say, send the week playing around with pro. Thinking about it as, like, an if you were basically it's zombie to a new product launch, how would you go about validating if it makes sense? Alright.

### You (2026-03-17T19:58:16.233Z)

Alright. Cool.

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:58:16.513Z)

Awesome. Alright. Thanks, guys.

### You (2026-03-17T19:58:18.313Z)

Let him

### Guest (2026-03-17T19:58:19.493Z)

Thanks, Matt. Bye.

