---
granola_id: 0a57900a-b3d0-4a4a-8147-5a91e883b864
title: "[Internal] The Block All Hands - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-28T15:31:07.875Z
updated: 2026-04-28T16:18:41.825Z
attendees: []
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/[Internal] The Block All Hands.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: [Internal] The Block All Hands

### Guest (2026-04-28T15:31:19.316Z)

You're in California, right? Yeah, I'm based in Los Angeles. Oh, nice. Yeah. Yeah. You have to come back. One thing I remember from interviewing Steve was that he worked for the largest entertainment company in Korea, and that company ended up passing on the most successful show in the Korean history. So that's one of the things I remember. Obviously, you guys know which ones could give. But. But funny. Yeah. Thanks for the reminder, larry. You passed on it. I don't think Steve did himself, but the company did. Yeah. Yes, exactly. Lots of good decision. Hopefully he does the same here. I met someone who passed on Starbucks in the beginning, and they're, like, hating their lives now. Yeah. It must be kind of tough to come back from that. I know a guy that some of you guys might know him as well, Tim Swanson. He was in bitcoin since something like 2,010. And he was one of the people that was, like, extremely against it since day one, but was super active in the space, so he knows all the people, but he. He had the opportunity to buy both critical ethereum at, like, less than a dollar for both. And he hasn't. And he's, like, mentally completely now because he thought he would go to zero. I remember speaking to him a lot when it was like 10,000. He was like, yeah, it's going to zero for sure. And ever since whenever a gig goes higher and higher, he's always, like, more deranged and more delusions. So I would not recommend. Going through that anyway. I think this is the most we've ever had, Steve. People seem to be curious about you. Surprise. Good ratings. Good ratings. It's only gonna go worse from here, so bitcoin. See, sometimes our chat's a little random. We'll try to keep it together, but people joke. You know what? I'm from a zookie. You know, the nft community. So I'm ready for anything, guys. I'm ready. Do we have any other random questions for steve for. Before I kick off? I do. Yeah, go for it. Steve, what made you say yes to us? That. That's not an easy question. It was. I'm gonna get into that, Gina, so let's. Let's. Let's. After the commercial break, after the commercial break. All right. I'll make you proud, I promise. Cool. Any more questions? If not, we'll kick off. But obviously, steve is going to be largely. About steve. So. Hobbies. My hobby is, you know, it's. It's varied. I I gotta say, I've got two little kids, a seven-year-old and a five-year-old so they are probably, you know, every free time I have other than work is really sucked up by. By my two daughters. So I'm. I'm a proud girl, dad. Won't regret that. When you're old. Exactly. Great hobby. Very time intensive. Okay. So, yeah, we definitely have the most people you ever had. So we have. We have two things on the agenda today. One, obviously, it's. It's introducing Steve and then Steve talking a little bit about himself and why he joined. So, you know, you front ran that question a little bit. The other. The other topic that we have, and I think a lot of you already know, but this week is maths last week at the company after almost four years of being here. So I want to obviously thank matt for all these done for us. It's. It's a very, you know, friendly transition. He's joining a great firm, and, you know, he loved product for us. It's a huge part of what we built over the last four years. So lots of ups and downs as well that he lost it through. So I'll. I'll let Matt share a few words, but obviously want to make sure that everyone is aware, everyone, you know, says goodbye. His last day is going to be just. This Friday. And, yeah, I'll let Matt jump in and. And say a little bit. Smart, Larry, leading with the bad news first. No, I appreciate it's been a great almost four years, Larry said a roller coaster. But what kept me here was the people. I really enjoyed working with basically everyone here. I'm going to miss you guys a lot. Definitely Bittersweet. Excited for my new opportunity, but really love the block. And, you know, I felt like I grow grew a lot here and, you know, loved larry's leadership, even though he hated it. But I was really excited for steve. I was rooting really hard for him to get the job. I think the company's going to be in great hands, so excited to see what you guys do. Cool. Well, I appreciate that. Yeah. Obviously, everyone has mats contacts and stuff, so we'll be in touch afterwards for sure. And if you don't, then reach out to mine until Friday. That's his last day as when it comes to transition. So I guess that's another small, small update. But as part of this, we're also promoting ads, and he's going to be taking over from. From mat and taking over what. What matters been doing so far. So obviously, Ed has been also a huge part of it. And I think he won the employee of the year last year, so it's no surprise that we want to make sure that he's, you know, he's. He's taking over his happiness. Neural. Cool. So now that we have that out of the way, bittersweet news. Obviously the biggest topic of the day is Steve. On this call, he's going to tell you a little bit about, you know, why he joined the blog, what he thinks about where we're going and stuff like that, but it's not going to be really talking about strategy yet. I think that's going to be the next all hands, which probably happens in, you know, two to four weeks, depending on how quickly Steve ramps up. But I've shared, you know, a lot of information about steve already in, in the previous all hands and, and also in the message in general. But he is. Probably 10 times more experienced than any CEO that we've had before. He has experience in media. He's obsessed by crypto work at zooki. And, you know, he's the most crypto native person that we've spoken to in the CEO interviews process. It's very rare to find someone that has the media experience that steve has also passion for crypto. And also operational, you know, experience and skills that, that Steve has. And it's certainly something that we need. Like, we need that. What the block needs right now is to be great operationally and great commercially. And, and I think, like, steve was the standout candidate for us. He was number one. Out of the top three people that we interviewed. And we're, we were able to somehow convince them to join us. So obviously, you know, I'm very excited. Like a lot of you already said was not my favorite role, and I'm really looking forward to, you know, being president again and helping steve accomplish what we want, but having someone that I actually believe can get it done. So with all that said, Steve, I'm sure you want to share something and, and then we can have a q a and the end. Awesome. Thanks, Larry. Wow, what a setup. Basically, in summary, I'm really old. No, but it's, it's actually a real honor. It's been a process, actually, to, to joining the, the block. And actually, kudos to larry and lean and all the folks who are sort of involved in, in getting me on board here. It's, it was actually probably about a three month or so process, more or less. And it was actually one of the most extensive processes I've ever been through. So I understand it's because of some PTSD from prior experiences in hiring, possibly. But I actually, that gave me a great opportunity to really get to know the organization and the leadership as well. So I actually really enjoyed it. So anyway, so I'm, I'm really excited to be here. You know, as larry said, you know, I, yesterday was basically my first day, and it was really consumed by, you know, all the incoming that I got from my existing network and new friends that I didn't know I had and, and, and, of course, many of you have reached out. To kind of, you know, congratulate and celebrate sort of this beginning. So I think we're going to keep kind of a substance of, like, the, the job, maybe for the next all hands, as Larry said. But I wanted to quickly get on this call with you. I know. I think there was one on Thursday that you had scheduled, but I thought it was, it was probably more fitting for me to introduce myself to the internal team asap. And so that, that's kind of why I asked to, to accelerate it to today. And so, so here I am. So you probably read, you know, the great article that the block wrote on mergitate the, the contents of that. But, you know, just a little bit of, of personal background. I'm actually Korean American. I was born in Korea. I came to the states when I was nine. I grew up in la. So I'm actually sort of back home, if you will. I'm currently also based in la. But I've been sort of all around the world. And, you know, one funny thing when I first met Larry is actually, I lived in, in Prague for a few months in the past as well. So central europe. And be careful. The checks don't want you to call them eastern europe in central europe. And, you know, I had some, some time there, also worked briefly in London as well. But a lot of work in, in Asia as well. I lived in china for four years, you know, extensively worked and lived in korea. Obviously worked in japan. And then, of course, closer to home here with my sort of Hollywood background, part of my background, la and also Silicon Valley and got my career started in new york at Goldman sacks. So for some, some unforeseen, you know, kind of stroke of clarity. I guess this role at the block somehow combines very disparate parts of my background. You know, who would have thought that my Goldman sacks background would have something to do with my fox, you know, digital background with, with news. And then even my azuki background being in crypto. And so this is like a one of one opportunity, in my view. And so to, to Gina, to answer part of your question of why I joined is that, you know, oftentimes when, you know, all of us look for what we want to do, it's kind of a Venn diagram of, like, what do we want to do? What are we good at? And what does the market need? Right. And so for, for me, the block was, like, right at the heart of that, that three sort of circular Venn diagram, because this is what I want to do. I think I'm pretty good at it. And the market, I think is moving to, to this area in a great way. So. So that's sort of a little bit about, about me and, and a little bit of why I joined. But, you know, I'm so excited about what the block has because it's very rare for there to be actually an opportunity to be CEO of a market leading brand, especially at a time when there's such huge opportunity. You know, usually you don't have somebody like a lary saying, I don't want to be CEO. And so, and, and that's actually quite, it scored a lot of points with me because it shows actually, Larry, you know, the humility and, and the awareness, but also the desire for the company, you know, to, to do well despite sort of your individual perhaps aspirations. So anyway, so I, I really jumped at the opportunity as, as many of you know, I, I really leaned into this. I really wanted to be here. And, you know, this is, I think, kind of from where the industry is. You know, obviously everybody here has been in the crypto space a while. Some of you were part of the original, you know, formation of the industry. But for me, you know, having, like, my taste of crypto through my first job in crypto two years ago at a zookie kind of threw me in the deep end of the community oriented, you know, sort of nft community of crypto, which got me a great crash course on, on the, the ups and downs of crypto, you know, at a zooki coming in as, you know, the first sort of executive after the four co founders was a really unique opportunity, you know, kind of taking over the operations of an nft company, you know, in the aftermath of the heydays of nft. So cleaning up a little bit of strategizing where we need to be and then quickly leading to actually our own tge and going through listing on binance and okx and by bit and up bit and how crazy that process is. So kind of having a perspective from kind of the protocol and builder perspective. We were an l3 based on an l2 arbitrum stack on an eth. So anyway, going through all of that and then going through seeing the chart go 1 billion ftv down to basically 50 million and riding that, that thing all the way down. And what does that feel like? And, and then, you know, over the past sort of last six months of my time at a zookie, I actually led our initiative to try to start our own dat or DAT digital asset treasury company on nasdaq and went all the way through to fundraising, meeting with investors and on Wall Street. And ultimately didn't pull the trigger on that. And, you know, to not leave any crypto initiative behind, we also evaluated looking to launching our own branded stablecoin and working with stripe and bridge their recent acquisition to launch our own anime stablecoin, which we also pulled out before we launch. So I sort of, you know, dabbled in almost every big initiative that crypto has experienced over the past two years, and most of it unsuccessfully. So I know what it feels like to be on the other end when you give it your best and, and not have something necessarily work out. And that's a lot of what crypto has been. But what I'm really excited about is, you know, despite kind of the retail bearishness, you know, with all the macro chop that's happening in the world, I do think that institutions and traditional finance are really taking a look at blockchain seriously. And in fact, I have some friends who are speaking at the milking conference in la, where the great, you know, investment managers gather. And I think there's a huge crypto sort of pod, you know, section within even milken. And so for me, you know, it's kind of like a tale of two cities. I think the crypto that we sort of all thought about was like the, the retail and, and the hype and, you know, that sort of, you know, narrative driven market to becoming more of an institutional, more foundational, more, you know, kind of infrastructure centric view that, frankly, may not be as fun as the narrative driven retail, but I think it's, it's going to be a much stronger foundation and you have companies like circle and others who are, you know, really kind of marrying kind of the global financial systems to blockchain. And so I think for me, it's a, it's an awesome, you know, opportunity to be here with all of you at this sort of cusp of this breakout, in my view. And I think the block, one of the things that sort of was a recurring theme for me as I was going through the process. Was that you have so much, actually, you in, in some ways, you have too much. And so there's a lot of, like, you know, low hanging fruit that if properly, you know, focused and executed, I think could really, you know, be a hockey stick growth on many vectors. And not only that, we have a owner in foresight who obviously has deep pockets as well. So we're not necessarily like a starving startup that is, you know, on the verge of running out of money. Clearly, you know, foresight is also a disciplined investor, so they're not going to put, you know, good money to bad. So we always have to be fiscally responsible. And no matter who the investor is, I like to operate the company as if it were my own money. And I expect the same for each and one of you here is that if, you know, whatever you're doing, would you have done that with your own money? And I think that's a good, maybe it's the immigrant mindset in me. But that's the way I like to, to run, run companies and my own financials as well as the company xyron. So anyway, so I think it's, it's a tremendous opportunity, you know, as larry mentioned over the next few weeks, you know, hopefully by end of May latest, I think for me, the number one goal is to just listen, meet each of you either individually in a small group setting, learn from you, you know, get your insights. What worked, what didn't, you know, what are your aspirations in life? What do you not like to do? What are you good at? What are you bad at? And really understand, you know, each, each one of, of your strengths. And then looking at our products and really understand what do we have, what needs to, to, to happen and what's the gap between that. And then, you know, candidly also having to make some tough decisions as well. I think, you know, I think we have an opportunity here to make sure we're, we're built for the future. And I, I don't know most of what's been happening, you know, truly, because obviously I was from the outside in, you know, I've got some feces, obviously, but I would love to, you know, as I said, you know, there are reasons why we have two ears and one mouth. I like to use it in that proportion, usually. So I want to especially for this month of May, I want to listen more than speak, probably. So expect a lot of questions for me. I think I'm generally an intellectually curious person. I'd like to know. I, if I can help it, I don't want to get in your business. And, you know, like, be micro manager. But I also occasionally like to go deep as well and get my hands dirty, whether it's, you know, doing a Google doc together with you or editing a spreadsheet or looking at a formula or whatever. I have, I think the ability to go high and deep as well and, and make sure I find the right altitude, depending on what we're talking about. So anyway, so I'm super excited about, about where we are in the industry. I'm super excited about where the block has been. I find it a great honor and privilege to be invited to be the CEO, which I, you know, take very seriously and with heavy responsibility. And so I'm just very, very excited about that, you know, just a few things about kind of the values for me. And, you know, every, like CEO, you know, likes missions and values, and let's put it on the wall. First of all, we don't have a wall because we don't actually have an office here. But if, if I were to have a wall, you know, I sort of, as I was a younger CEO in the past, you know, I probably had, like, 20 things. Like, I believe in this. I believe in that. And there's, like, 20 of them on. And as I got older, those things started to whittle down. And, you know, I think if I had to boil down to, like, what are the things that I really expect and want to strive for myself, I think first and foremost is excellence, you know, excellence for me means everybody in the job today in your role, I want you to be the best at in the, in the, in the world. And if you're not that now, I want to plan for you to be that. You know, I want to have a team of winners and champions, and that starts with being excellent, working hard, looking at where you're good at and amplifying that, looking at where you're not good at and reinforcing that yourself or with your teammates. But I want a championship team, and, and that starts with excellence individually, but also as a team. And, and second is teamwork. You know, my first job at Goldman Sachs, we used to have a saying called there's no I in Goldman Sachs. And, you know, as a first job coming out of college, there was like a team oriented mindset instilled in me from the get go, you know, I don't care if one of you is the best, you know, that's not good enough. You know, we want a championship team. You know, we want the full roster of people who are in the right places doing the best they can, but we need to win as a team and there aren't, you know, championship prizes for individuals by, by yourself. And that includes myself as well. So teamwork is very important to me. Like, I, I don't want to hear words like that's, that's, that's not my job. Or like that. That's not for me. Of course, if it's not your job, you got to make sure you find the person who's responsible. But, you know, we, we got to pull together as a team. And, you know, sometimes we go through stuff as people, you know, and in our personal lives and if our teammates need us to step up and cover for us, that's also being part of the team. So anyway, teamwork is, is very important to me, and I think you already have a culture of that at the block from what I can see. But I would love to, you know, have that continue and strengthen. And I think finally, for me is integrity. And I think that's, that's really important for me, especially as a news organization and a data research provider without integrity. You've got nothing, you know? And so I know that, Adam has done a great job, you know, with, with our, you know, excellent, you know, team of reporters around the world, but to always maintain that integrity. And, you know, I guess my alma mater at Harvard, our logo was very toss, which is truth. And, and I think as journalists or an organization with journalism at, at the core, we got to make sure that, you know, we, we check our facts, you know, we report what's, what's true, and we do the best we can and make sure that the, the blocks brand is not never tarnished by some other ulterior motive. You know, obviously, as a media organization in 2026, there's a lot of issues at the, the fringes. Right. And those are things that, you know, we can, you know, work through together. I called my old boss at fox, jack aberna, who's the CEO of fox television, not fox news, but the local tv staging group. And I said, jack, I'm about to take this job and give me some advice as a sea of a news organization and he gave me the same advice. He's like, make sure, you know, you never compromise on the core north of truth. But, Steve, you know, these days, there's a lot of fringe gray areas that needs to be, you know, you need to make a call on. And none of those are easy calls. So we do the best we can, but we know where true north is in integrity, you know, also for me, integrity is also making sure that each of us works for the good of the company and not for ulterior, selfish motives or other agendas. Right. I have very little tolerance for people doing things that's only good for them or, you know, not committing to, you know, your work at, at the block or doing other things that, you know, are not aligned with how you would want to, you know, expect other people to work if this were your, your company as well, which it is. So integrity is at the core of, of, I think what we have to be as, especially as a news and data and research organization. And we want to make sure we commit to each other for doing that. So excellence, integrity and teamwork for me are important tenants that I want to live by, and I expect each of you to live by as well. So with that said, you know, I know that, you know, somebody said recently that I'm the fifth CEO, and they count larry twice. So that's kind of cheating. But so whether I'm the fourth or the fifth, it's, it's higher than you want to be for a smaller organization. But hopefully I'm here a long time. And, and for me, actually, and I do want to state this, you know, I have sort of like a five year goal in mind. I don't know how we get there exactly. And that's what we're all going to figure out over the next couple of months. But, you know, for me, in five years, the block will have an event. An event means an IPO, an event could be a massive investment from a strategic investor or something big. You know, I am not interested in staying as an organization that's, you know, 50, 60 people for the next, you know, five years. You know, I don't necessarily mean headcount, you know, but I just mean as a organization, if we're not something transformative in five years and we're doing that together, I would find that not successful. So, you know, I think the fact is that our industry in crypto is changing at lightning speed. And if we're not changing together, then we're going to be left behind. So again, I don't know what that can be. It could happen in an area of our business, we least expect, or maybe it's an area we fully expect, but, but, you know, for me, driving this company together with all of you building value into something very meaningful in the next five years is what I want to do. I'm too old to have another, you know, one of these, I don't want it. I want this one to, to be the substantial one that, you know, is really something great that we can be proud of that can be written in the annals of history and. And that we can be very proud to tell our children about. So. So I think we have an opportunity to do that, especially in this time as our industry is maturing. So anyway, so that's a lot of my soapbox talk. And, you know, sometimes I can talk a while, but I'll try to restrain myself. And, and I think today was, was me, you know, reverse ratio of years to mouth, just given what we are today. But hopefully in the weeks to come, in the months to come, I can listen a lot more from you guys. And, you know, I will. This week I'm off to miami for a couple of days just to opportunistically meet a potential large client of ours who's not a client yet. But, but I'll have to come back. I know the sales and media team, a lot of you are in, in miami next week with consensus. So I think the next few weeks are going to be a little bit touch and go, but I'm hoping starting next week in earnest that I can start really doing one on ones and small group meetings to try to really understand the business. And so if there are things you want to tell me, you could either slack me or, you know, you could, you know, raise it in, in that small group meeting or you want to do a one on one. I am all ears. Okay. So with that said, with that long windup, I guess I'm, I'm candidly not prepared to answer too many business related questions, to be honest with you. I mean, this is my second day, so give me a break. So let's, let's skip out on the substance of the, the organization and the strategy for now. But, you know, if you have some questions in general or something that we can, you know, answer, like we can open up the, the floor back. Mike, back to you, larry. Yeah, sounds good. And, Steve, unfortunately. You are just, you're the fifth CEO if we're counting myself just once. You're the sixth if we count twice. There was, there was one where Gina spotted that and, and tim did as well. But there was one CEO that lasted two months. And then there was also Caleb who lasted, like, five months. So. But we, as long as you make as. Yeah. As long as you make it more in two months, you're not the worst CEO. Okay, excellent low bar. Low bar. Yeah. Do we have any questions in it in chat or, or live? And don't, don't feel pressured to, you know, fake a question if you don't have it. We have. Well, plenty of time. At least two months. From gareth to go for good. Hi, Steve. I'm, I'm really curious about your experience at fox and in, like, television broadcasting in particular, obviously, the multimedia team has some big ambitions in that space and would love to hear a little bit about your experience there and kind of what you did and what you see the opportunity for us. Yeah. So, you know, I, part of my life is really media. And a fox, actually proud. What happened at fox when I came in as the chief, my first job at, at fox was a chief digital officer of the local tv station group. So I managed the national, you know, digital news team, product and tech team, the sales team sort of double reported into me and the president of sales. So it was sort of like this job. But, you know, embedded in a company. You know, what I first did, the cms and the white website was kind of a complete mess. So, you know, I spent the first sort of six months cleaning that up on the product and the technology. But probably my most, you know, significant achievement, because I joined. And then soon after I joined fox, like a year in covid hit. And everybody sort of worked from home. But that gave us a reason to actually stand up a live streaming fast channel, we called it fast stands for free ad supported streaming television. And so I actually drove fox's first fast channel. And in response to covid. So what we had were these traditional reporters and journalists who don't eat, like, spend two hours a day in front of a camera reading a script, and then they go and do other things and do makeup and then come back. And we suddenly put a light camera on them and you're going live now and you're just, we're going to build, like, very light infrastructure that we can operate in your home and not have to be at a broadcast facility to do. So I got deep into setting up all that from the camera to the ingest to the cloud. And how do you do master control in the cloud? And how do you play out and then working with our editorial team to really schedule that and, and being able to coordinate? And I'm happy to say, you know, that, that product is called live now at fox. It's one of the most successful fast channels and news today. And then the second most exciting thing, you know, I mean, not in that order is I, we stood up a channel called fox soul, which was an African American, you know, sort of black culture channel that we stood up and we thought there was an unmet need for the African-American community to have a purpose made streaming channel for them. And so same thing. Set up a thing that first was like four hours live a day that expanded to seven hours and it, you sort of splice in live and VOD content in a continuous video loop. And both of those very influential, but also were great revenue drivers for us. And so I'm excited about, you know, getting to know what our plans are currently about our media because, you know, from a CPM perspective, a video CPM could be 40, 50 bucks, a banner ad is 40, 50 cents. Right. Exaggerating. So even from a monetization perspective, video is a much more valuable asset, but also it gives everybody a reason to tune in and you can be front and center. And one of the things from my lessons at fox is as a media organization, do you want to be relevant? You want to be where the action is and, you know, and I know Adam and I, I'm sure we'll have long conversations about, you know, do we need to do anything differently, if anything? And, and if so, what do we need to do? But, you know, if we want to be a massive player in five years, we need to be making sure we are, you know, relevant, the most relevant voice, the most relevant news information data provider to the industry, so. And I think video is just another way in this day and age to be that. And I think it's also very important. So I've got huge hopes. Obviously, we got to do it in a cost effective way, and I have some ideas of what I've done in the past to do that. But, but, yeah, that, that, that to me is something that we should absolutely look into to see what, what's out there. That answer your question, gareth. Okay. Yeah, 100. Yeah. Awesome. Any other questions? Coco. Hey, Steve, this is a cocoa. I'm from china, and now I'm also based here. So I'm glad to hear that you come from a really diverse background. So I kind of grew up in the UK. So the way you spoke kind of reminds me of my professors in cambridge as well. The two tells of two cities and just like the terms that the professors will talk about. Anyways, go back to my question. So you mentioned three words about how you expect us, the values at work, right? Excellence, integrity and teamwork, which I really appreciate. I highly resonate with what you said. But also, I want to ask you a question that through your, you know, life decision, you mentioned you're kind of old, you're kind of experienced. So as the kind of a younger generation or the youngsters, right, we want to ask you three, if you want to, if you can describe your life decision making process in three words, would that be? So when you're making very important life decisions, for example, jumping from gomezx to fox to adzuki, what are the three, you know, the three things you value the most when you're making the important decisions? That's my question. Wow. Thank you, koko. Good question. And thank you. Appreciate that. Yeah. Look, I mean, for me, everybody, you know here has your own goals and dreams, and you should all sort of follow that, I think. But for me, I'm actually being korean american. You know, for me, actually, being a bridge to us and asia was very important to me always, you know, even actually this role in the block, even though this is not specifically obviously in asian angle, you know, this is a global angle. I do think that, you know, in the crypto industry, asia is a huge potential market for, for us and for the industry. So I think in my own way, you know, this is also a way to connect that. So for me, macro wise, you know, when in my deathbed on the tombstone, I would love it to read something like, steve, you know, who helped create the bridge between east and west. That's kind of my very meta goal in life. And, and so that's one that. So that's always a filter when I look at opportunities. And then second is, you know, for me. I think making impact is really important, because when you make impact, that means value is created. And when value is created, not always, but often it leads to financial, you know, wealth creation for investors and for me, whoever. So I think impact for me is, is very important filter. And then, you know, what I like is, you know, I think I've always been at the intersection of digital and media. Or technology and media and, you know, just to give you an example, my first job, you know, obviously, goldman sacks in new york. And then after two years, I could stay another third year at the program at Goldman. But I just packed my bags and went to beijing, and my parents like, wait a minute. Goldman sacks to go to china. You don't even speak chinese. You're not you. You've never been to china. I'm like, that's right. But back in 2003, china was just emerging as a huge giant. Obviously, it's still a giant. But back then it was just waking up. So I knew I wanted to be in china. So I quit gold and I joined a startup in beijing having speaking no chinese and never been to china and ended up actually producing a tv talk show for the shanghai tv show. So anyway, I, I think I'm an adventurer in that way. And I, I don't stray too far into the deep end, hopefully, but I straight deep enough so that it's uncomfortable. But, but I still, you know, try to bring things that I've done in the past to my new, new role, and that's where the unique value is, I think, created. So I think I'm probably less of a zero to one founder, you know, but I'm probably a much better one to 100 growth person where somebody like the block already exists. You know, you've done amazing to build that brand that teams, like, worked on it, and now you need an accelerator. And I think that's really where I, I enjoy and where I'm probably very good at. So anyway, understanding your own strengths and weaknesses, I think could be helpful. But, but anyway, thank you for the question, cocoa. Thank you so much. I really like a movie, and it has a line. It's, it says, I hope our paths cross again. But I think your answer is and also experience, it kind of tells the story of your past cross with almost everyone. Not everyone, but most of people and like the, the ogs in that organization, you send your classrooms across with everyone. So, yeah, welcome again. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, should we have a couple more questions or are we good? Or, oh, zach. Hey, steve. I'm one of the members of the editorial team, so I just wanted to say welcome to the company and I honestly wish I had enough to ask this. But given some of events that transpired at arrival company a couple years ago, I just wanted to ask you about your views on editorial independence of the newsroom compared with the rest of the company. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I think for me, as I said, you know, making sure that we don't sort of like, we're not a pay for play. Editorial. You know, when we write news, we got to make sure that, you know, we keep that integrity intact. Obviously, we have a part of our business where we write research on behalf of our customers and we cover it separately. And I think to make sure that those distinctions are made is at least the beginning. Right. So when we write something, if it's a research project or, or something that, that is paid for, that there is no question to the reader kind of the purpose and, and the mission of that and the intent of that. Not to be mixed with our editorial coverage of news. And so I think for me. You know, a lot of news organizations, it's not just the block. You know, fox. I mean, every, if you look at the latest, you know, especially with this administration that the sort of church and state blurring between, you know, kind of media and keeping, you know, powerful people to account and, and also accommodating powerful people wherever they may be has been the thread line of journalism, but, but I think most recently it's been put to, to test very. And so I think the fact that, like, the, you know, cbs, which basically invented news, you know, has to, you know, figure this out, to me means that, you know, it's a challenging thing for every news organization, so. But I think the reality, Zach, is that we got to, like, you know, sometimes we'll make mistakes. And as I mentioned, like the core can never be sacrificed of, of kind of our editorial integrity. But there are fringe areas, right? Like, you know, there are lots of, we've seen it in dramas, and it actually happens. Like, what if a major advertiser says, gosh, I wish you didn't write that, you know? Is that an easy question? Not always. You know, it depends also, you know, what are they talking about? You know, are they, do they have a point? Are we, you know, did we do our homework? And is this article, you know, something we can defend? So I think these are things that I think that there's no easy answers. And that's, I think part of the fun. And I think if we're able to, as the block be kind of that industry, you know, stalwart that really, like, defends kind of the lines a little bit, you know, and make sure that what is written on the block is, is always defensible and, you know, true. And I think that's how media organizations build reputations. It doesn't happen overnight. And I would love at some point and Adam and I were talking briefly the other day about, like, investigative journalism, too, you know? You know, not investigative for the sake of investigative and not investigative for my own personal curiosity. But investigative that is really impactful to the industry or sheds light on something that's very valuable for our stakeholders and to our readers or to the world. Like, those are fun, right? I don't know if you, how many of you guys watch as a spotlight, the boston globe, the, the movie. Anyway, I would love, I would love the block to win a Pulitzer prize. And why not? You know, and those are things that sort of set newsrooms apart. And it would be awesome in, in five years if we can have a Pulitzer for our amazing coverage of the industry, that would be fun. Zach's going to get a Pulitzer for us. We'll see. Thanks so much. All right. Okay. Awesome. So we don't, we don't have to beat this one to death. We'll have a lot more opportunities to engage and to listen and to discuss. So I'm really looking forward to it. I hope you got a glimpse of who I am. You know, generally, I also like to joke around. I'm, you know, a fun person. I'm known for some cheesy humor occasionally, so don't be alarmed. But, but I'm, again, I'm so excited to be here. I'm honored. And I take this position with a heavy heart and, and a lot of responsibility, but I'm also super excited for what we can do together over the next five years. So anyway, thank you so much. And we'll see everybody around. I think that will be the end of today's, today's call. Thanks, Steve. Thank you, thank you. Bye.

### You (2026-04-28T16:18:16.158Z)

Thank you Steve.

