---
granola_id: 3ba96835-6672-4125-bfb6-5c2cd0cd94b9
title: "Brand, Media, Design Weekly Sync - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-08T20:01:33.628Z
updated: 2026-04-08T20:34:43.194Z
attendees: 
  - dquinton@theblock.co
  - ckuhn@theblock.co
  - melshahat@theblock.co
  - jcarusi@theblock.co
  - snotcutt@theblock.co
  - jleech@theblock.co
  - ksparks@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - zwang@theblock.co
  - gjenkinson@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Brand, Media, Design Weekly Sync.md]]"
domain: [product-management]
---

# Transcript for: Brand, Media, Design Weekly Sync

### Guest (2026-04-08T20:01:40.701Z)

It does amazing numbers and you can clearly tell that they bring traffic. However, we can't use the avax Turkish account to bump numbers. Like that's not going to work. Yeah, we can't use all these other, you know, subsidiaries. It has to be. And I think that even from our standpoint, we need to probably post them from the Block main account. And then, you know, because I've even made recommendations in here, I'll send this over to you and you can take a look at it and you could tell me if I'm crazy. But no, you can do that. But like honestly, I think you've got, you've definitely got the voice and the knowledge that needs to be sort of, like, shared. So I think that needs to be run off the chain and come from you like, hey, guys, like you're tying our hands behind our back, you know, here without, without promoting this stuff. Like, then when they ask for the numbers, it looks paltry or whatever. So yeah, I'll let you know if I get any update with it. I'll send it over to David to kind of look over. Sweet. We'll get it done. Yeah, I know, I know you will. So a subset of us met this morning and we were discussing specifically singular the, you know, obviously the live broadcasting software and specifically around the starting block. I know I've already seen Nicola has been in there and created some things, or I believe it was Nikola. It says Jordan, but I think we're all jordan, kind of like where all satoshi. I guess everybody is jordan in singular. So I got back in as jordan. And spent a couple of hours looking at lower thirds, and I've learned a lot, and there are some concessions. It is. It is somewhat possible to match your beautiful animations. Zwang, but it's not going to be 100% exactly like your beautiful animation. And I can walk through what those concessions are, or I can do that with the design team. But what I'd like to do with Jordan is kind of like talk about how you understand these sort of things to work and what, what you may or may not understand about singular and where our knowledge overlaps are. And kind of I can, I can, I can quickly try to walk you all through what I learned, if that would be beneficial, but I don't want to waste anyone's time on this call if this is not the appropriate sort of time and space to do that. I'd say let's go through that and show us what you, what you're looking at. And I'm also interested to see like what those concessions are, like what the limitations are in the platform. From a design perspective. Well, first of all, I'm really impressed from a platform perspective. The last time I popped into some software that sort of was able to answer, get most of the shit done intuitively was like figma when I first tried figma. So, like the tldrs, I'm pretty impressed. I want to pull up. Zwang's animation here. That's what I'm looking at my other screen for. Just so we have the, we have everything. All right. So just to walk everyone through this animation, the very first thing you'll notice is how from the jump it is skewed at a 45 negative 45 degree angle or whatever. So that means that if this thing was in a was being masked by its own natural edge, either that edge would have to be skewed at a 45 degree angle, meaning the entire container would have to be skewed at a 45 degree angle. Or. It won't be, it won't come in skewed like that and it would come in flat. Right. And so that, that was like the first like sort of real challenge was that, oh shit, this whole thing is skewed, right? Let's, let's just get into it then and show you what I learned. All right, so after a bunch of sort of iterations, what I was able to achieve was that skewed effect where it comes in. So first of all, first of all, the size of the composition. I'm hoping that we can create a composition. And this is where I don't know if ours, our knowledge overlaps, jordan. That like the lower thirds could be its own just composition. And it can, this composition could then live within. Like you could pull multiple comps into your live broadcast. That's what I'm not sure of because over here you can see and you can set up, like the size of this thing and you can set it up for where this thing is the broadcast. 1920 by 1080 or 19, 20 by 1200 or whatever. And you could set it. So I think my first question, and I can get into their documentation, I just was like flying through this. Is can we have our own composition that's just the lower thirds? And if so, even still there'll be some limitations, but that's at least helpful. Because. And the reason that that's helpful is. If we are insistent on having things animate in on this angle like I'm speaking to you, Zwang, I guess. The way that you have to do it is you have to actually skew the container. So the container is called frames. And if I go into effect, you'll see it. I've clipped the children. So any child of the container is clipped and it will hide it. If I unclick the child, you'll see it's coming in from the edge. Okay, so the entire container of frames. Actually, if I hit a bounding box only, it's this blue bounding box here. But it is skewing it so that everything that is inside of frames, the container, which again, the container is skewed at a negative 45 degree angle and it's clipping its children. So the only children inside of this particular frames container is the blue name frame and the black title frame. So. So because they are inside of a container called frames, which has a negative 45 degree skew and it and it's clipping its children, they inherit that negative 45 degrees skew. So if we go back to the animation. And we scrub it, you can see I have an offset. This is the name frame that comes in first and settles first. And I can fix the there. There is fuck what's it called easing curves, which we can talk about Zwich one. So the name frame is on this bottom layer and then the title frame comes in. And then you'll see I haven't animated the text in like Zwang did. I've only faded it in. Well, why? Why did I do that? Well, I did that because if I. If I go to say translated, which is what they call moving it. You'll see what happens. What did I do? I just did the name. So the name. Okay. You're going to see that it comes in from off the screen. So, like, there is no way that I can tell in this software to set a starting point. It literally just starts outside of the composition that it's in. So that's why if we want to do any sort of this translating stuff, it's best to have the composition set to the size of the feature that we're creating. So in this instance, we're creating the lower thirds. So the composition size should be roughly set to the size of the lower thirds, which I have it set to 600 by 200. But it's not quite that big because I have to offset it. And so that angle is like making things way complicated is like the dldr here. But that doesn't work, obviously. Like, you know, we can't, we're not going to go with this. Right. And you would think like, well, why can't you put this inside of that frame? That creates that nice angled edge? Well, you'll see if I take the name layer, which I've created here and put it inside the frames, which has that skew on it. Excuse the name, too. But now it would look right. It would actually come in like that. But because we don't want that either. We have to keep this out of here. So, so that's like, these are some of the concessions that we're running into whenever I look at Zwang's again, you can see hers comes in beautifully behind this mask, like this whole thing is masked. In fact, it's as if this thing actually just grows from the left. It's not like a whole sliding thing, right? You can imagine this being like 0% wide to 100% wide as opposed to being 100% wide and off screen and sliding in. But that's the way that in this software, it has to be built that I can tell. Is everybody following me so far? Because this is like, I know really in the weeds. Yeah, it's, I appreciate you showing this for sure. I mean, it's, it's interesting to see these kinds of limitations. It seems like crazy that you can't just. Take away the angle. But, but yeah, I totally see the limitations you're talking about here. So one thing I haven't tried is creating a shape on top of the composition. Like you may, I know you can create rectangles and triangles. I don't, I'm sorry, rectangles and circles. I could probably bring in a graphic, maybe a transparent ping that acts as a mask, let's say. But the problem with that then is that if we export this with a transparent background that, you know, it probably wouldn't work is what I'm getting at. Like if I try to create like a black triangle in here now when I go to export it, you're going to see a black triangle even if the damn background is alpha channeled or whatever. And so that's, I don't think that's really a possibility. Let me delete that rectangle. So the concession that the concession that I decided on this afternoon as I was putting this together and again, it ain't beautiful yet. This is, this will get better as a swan. I don't mean I know you're over there like, you know, throwing up in your mouth looking at this work, but it will get better. I only spend a few minutes or not a few minutes. I spent a couple hours on this, but it's because I looked at different variants. So it auto saves. Let me go back to this real quick. My first lower third test. I'll show you my first. Explorations here. I think I've got. Maybe my animations got deleted because I moved forward. Sorry. Let's go back to the one we were in. Apologies everyone. Sean says, jordan's in there because we're all jordan. Okay. Animation. So what we can accomplish something like this though is what I'm saying. Like we could even probably make this a little. Maybe we're already at our limit in terms of how small we can make it. But the nice thing is we can affect the. Easing, right? So because I click on the parent, which is frames or text. So I have two parent folders. One is called frames and one is called text. That's so that the text doesn't get skewed, that the frames do. We can add a overarching. We can add an overarching ease to them. So I don't know. Like, let's say power two. And that's just been a flat ply to the frames. So I think now they should have some sort of. Yeah, they have some, they have some kind of a. Ease on them now. And if we do the same thing to this, you can go up here and you can. Oh, it's power one. It got it automatically. I don't know. So what I could do is I could look at your easing curves inside of, I think I could look at your easing curves this one inside of after effects. And we could, we could do our best to match them. So if we go here again and we click on this, it gets a little bit weird. But I think there's custom. I thought there was, I thought there was custom. Linear. No, it closes too. Like the software is a little bit goofy. Back elastic. Okay, so let's just set them both to linear really quickly, which you'll see it looks like shit. Okay. So now let's play that. It's just. Like very. There's a little offset just because the. Timeline here has offset, but otherwise the animations are linear. I think if we go in and say the name frame, which again, this is the blue frame, this housing, gareth linear. I thought you could custom. Dude, I could have fucking sworn that there was a custom hi, but maybe, maybe I just imagine that every time you click one, it closes it out, which is super annoying. Maybe I can maybe, can you maybe like just click on the kind of curve chart itself and move stuff around? Yeah, that's, that's what I was trying to do. And every time I do it, you can see like once I click, it just closes. So like I click and then I let go and it just closes this thing. This is like what you're dealing with. I think when you're dealing with software that's based out of the browser. But maybe we could look at the one you have, Zwang, and maybe pick one of these pre, let's see what elastic looks like. Pick one of these pre can easing curves. I don't know. Yeah, I think your test is almost the same as my like 90% same as what I did at after effects. Maybe I can just after I finish the transition animation, I can also check this software. And yeah, because I'm more familiar with those like keyframes. Yeah. So I can definitely go through this software. Yeah, that'd be great. There are unfortunately no actual keyframes. There's only the start of the animation and then the end of the animation. So like, yeah, you can't manipulate anything inside of these. What I would call tweens. I would call, I would consider these just like tweens, but and everything comes from off the edge. So just as an example really quickly. Oh, and they don't. One of the quirks of the software is it says translate and fade. But once you do that, it actually only translates. It doesn't fade. So by fate, it means. It means. Opacity. But look, as I'm doing this, the name frame that opacity remains a hundred percent. Whereas if I change it to just fade. It actually works like you'll see. I think I did the black one. Hold on. Let me do the blue one. Change that to just fade. So now you'll see like the fade works by itself and translate works by itself. But fade and translate only translates for some reason. It doesn't fade and translate. It's like a quirk in the software. So it doesn't actually fuck with the opacity and the movement. It's just the movement. The other thing again, if we real quickly, this is the last thing I'll show you. Yeah, it says left. That means it's come. It's translating from the left. So let's do the name frame. If you go like bottom, down, you'll see it's going to it comes from it always uses the edge of the comp or whatever. So that's. Coming in because from the very, from the very bottom, that's a little confusing to me. I can spend more time with it. You all too. But it's. It's a little bit complicated, I would say. So it says match it perfectly. But if we think that, you know, with user Swan getting in here and playing with this, you could make this better. So I think the next steps for this. Are for us to. See how this parent composition, how this works. So this one's called L3 test. In fact, let me delete this one. Because this was one of mine earlier. So this one here, Jordan, if you can take this and use it in another. I don't know, like, I don't know what is like, I don't know the difference between control app and composition or whatever, but like however you're going to. Implement these comps, I would love to know, can this l three test, which we just were looking at, can it be sort of put inside of another context? That's where I didn't get that far. I just sort of started to dig in and see if, like, I could create custom lower thirds in animations. When you say another context, you mean like, can you put that inside of another composition. Yeah, like one that's 1980 by 1920 by 1080 or whatever. Yeah. Okay. Like, you know what I mean? Like, like what if we do like, and again, I don't know what control app is. Like are we all app, I think is what I would use. All right. So this would be like the see like, so does any of this look familiar to you? Or would yeah, yeah, yeah. I've heard of uno. That's like one of the ways you can control the application. But I think uno is only templates. And then studio is like another way that I would use it. So like that's where I would get the link to bring it into obs. And I could like make adjustments on the fly. Whereas composer, like you're just creating the design of it. And then once it's like ready to ship. You can use it in the studio. That's my understanding. But I mean, I also haven't dug so deep into this yet. Yeah, yeah. To do tomorrow. Sure. What I would love to for you to do is now that we have this really rough l three test that I put together. See if you can use it in any way. Like pull it into your studio or into your obs or whatever and see if it can be used like that. And then we'll sort of like have a new data point as to like what kind of limitations we're running into as we work together. And then we can go in and refine this and we could create. There's a way to like, let me go back in this. I haven't gotten this far yet, but there's a way to. Create certain. Well, I think in here. Maybe. So it says display variance, but and so I was hoping that I could use this to create multiple variants. Like I would have our blue and our coral one, whatever different colors. But I don't think that's what this is. This variant actually has something to do with, I think, just screen sizes or layouts. Depending on. Depending on what context this is living within. So I actually don't know that that's it. I don't know. Like I basically got as far as I could with like, you know, a day or two of messing around with this and understanding. Feel free to take this one, run with it. And I'm having fun learning this software, or at least, you know, the design side of the software. So if, if you need me to get back in there, obviously I will do so. But I'd love to see where how usable would I just created was. Yeah, sure, sure. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. And then I just got your message as well, Ed on the other stuff. That's a whole other job. So this one's been working on the, she's, she's put together. Multiple versions of the title animation. You put together the lower thirds animation, which we were just looking at. Now you're working on transitions. Yeah. Transition. I think I got one transition for like general. And I have two foundations for like specific sections. So I got three and I almost finished two of them. So I got one more to do. Amazing. And so I'm hoping that that sort of stuff doesn't have to obviously be built in singular or anything like that. Like I'm no expert here, but I don't know how transitions will work. From a live broadcast. So I don't think those have to be in singular. I think transitions are just something we use in OBS. Okay. Do you have flexibility in OBS to like match? Because I'm sure Zwan's doing it in after effects. Yeah. Or is it. Was. Was she just exported video and you can use, use it there. It's a very good question. I don't actually know the answer to it, but I'm pretty sure it's just like a video. That you enter into obs and like use this as the transition and it'll like use that when you click between different scenes. That makes sense. So. So we're, we're doing like a live broadcast. You've got your people, your talking heads and they're in whatever frame set you've got selected. Then Gareth says like, okay, up next we're going to, like, move into the hot seat where we're going to speak to whoever. Then, then you can queue like a video to play that basically. I mean, I'm assuming that Zwan is exported and it'll be like a hot seat or whatever, you know, and then we're into that segment and then you switch back to. Okay. Got it. And then hopefully you're at that point, you'll be able to also then drop in these little comps from, from singular that we're creating on the fly or whatever. So we'll figure it out. But I think we have to keep working together closely, probably checking in a couple of times a week, honestly. And I know this is late for you, Jordan. So moving forward. See it's inconvenient for ed for sure. If I put this towards the, let's find it earlier time in the day since it's already kind of in Ed's afternoon even as well. Let's find an earlier time in the day, though, moving forward to have these meetings moved forward. They were originally in the afternoon because Davis being in Australia needed this time for him to work over his summer, our winter. Now I think I will find a time for next week to put this meeting early on Wednesday. Is that okay with everyone? Yep. All right. So. I'm going to try to get this at. 10:30 my time, which would be 8:30 your time, Ed on Wednesday morning. I apologize. I've gone ahead and moved it to that time without checking everybody's schedule. If it doesn't work, let me know. What time is, what time is it again? ET. 11:30 a.m. Wednesdays. Yeah. Wait. All right, let's do that then. And then it'll be a little bit more reasonable for our European partners. So I don't really know if I should spend any more time in there. I think what I would ask you, Jordan, again, is just to like see what you can do with L3 test and then asynchronously or ping me on slack and we can huddle Let's get together, and then I'll figure out. Then I'll have another, like, more knowledge about whether or not that worked. Then I can get together with the Swan and Jamie and refine it and sort of do a knowledge transfer to them and let them know what limitations I have run into in what. What I understand from your test as well. Okay, sounds good. Sweet. Thanks, brother. Other than that, for this team, I don't have much. You know, I know that there has been discussions and even some production happening, I think, on promotional videos. I believe there was a promotional video created or kicked around regarding. I don't know if it was sponsored courses or if it was election coverage. I can't recall. But I don't know, ed, are you. Do you have, like, what you need ish for all that stuff? I'm not trying to manage that stuff. I'm just trying to, like, help facilitate. Yeah, I believe a week ago, we met and Kelvin said that they had already filmed the election coverage video, so I was hoping to ask about that. Like, what's the status of that on this call? So, yeah. We're preparing for the launch of election coverage and, you know, want to make sure that we have a plan for. Like, a social push when we launch that. Next week if we can. Okay. There was a video created, I believe. I think Gjord and Kelvin probably did it. Have you seen it, Ed? Do you, do you know if you have what you need or, or you're not? No, I don't. I know I haven't seen it. No, I was hoping to see, like, I also, I didn't create anything. I have no idea about this video. I, I think I've heard some stuff from Davis and Kelvin, but I haven't seen it or had anything to do with. It. Okay. Gosh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Maybe now is the time to discuss it. Then the only reason I say that is because if you're trying to launch the election thing next week and we need to have a video produced of it, I think the idea, I thought Kelvin won the call last week said that they had done it, but maybe my head has just cracked out. So we probably need to figure out what exactly we need for that. I know there is a script somewhere, I believe. Kelvin said they recorded already. Like, yeah. I'm not sure who's, who's, who does what. But. When we came here with a different script for a different video already. So, yeah, I'm not sure. And, Jamie. I think. Wasn't it, Jamie, that was putting it together? Like, I don't know, to be honest, I, I can't remember who was, like, responsible for what. So, yeah, saying, dude, this is just more of that where, like, you know, people are like, hey, let's do this. And then nobody has actually has no actual ownership. So I, I don't know. I'm not trying to own it. I can't do it.

### You (2026-04-08T20:28:01.720Z)

Jordan, are you the only one that puts the edits together or would Kelvin actually know how to put the edits together as well?

### Guest (2026-04-08T20:28:01.741Z)

Yeah. No, Kelvin can't edit. Who, who would put the, who would actually edit the video would be either Sean or Davis? But I haven't. Like, I haven't heard anyone talk about it, to be honest. But, like, maybe they did it already. Like, I'm having faint memories of, of them talking about it, but I was in can last week. I've also been kind of, like, out of the loop of everything, you know? Yeah. Are people at conference this week? Like, like, where's Kelvin? I don't know where Kelvin is right now. I don't think there's any conference this week. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. Let's, let's try to find an answer. I don't know. To me, this is the only call that I have. Was on the books with, like, maybe a team. So it's my only time to, like, chat with people. So. Yeah. Are there, are there sort of, see, we need what we need is a, an intake process. So the, that product, when there is a need like this, that there's basically like a ticket created for it. And somebody ideally on the media side would then, like, manage that process, right, where there's product creates, like, hey, we want a product demo video for X, y or Z, then they have, like, a manager on the media side essentially manage their, their tickets. And work with the team to understand, you know, what's possible in terms of deliverable timelines and things like that. Then things like this don't fall through the cracks. I mean, that, that's probably something I should have set up months ago. How, how, how has it been up, operating up until now? I know that, like Davis has a slack board for, like, the podcast stuff. But that's just for podcasts and, like, managing guests. Yeah. Like projects like this, it's just request, like, vs. Yeah. So that's a board. Right? Yeah.

### You (2026-04-08T20:30:16.360Z)

Jordan, did you ever. Connect JIRA to your NAN account?

### Guest (2026-04-08T20:30:24.141Z)

I have not finished that process because with gareth new show coming on, it's kind of like.

### You (2026-04-08T20:30:26.200Z)

Okay. Yeah, yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-08T20:30:30.061Z)

Drastically changing how all this is going to work.

### You (2026-04-08T20:30:30.120Z)

Priority. Gotcha.

### Guest (2026-04-08T20:30:33.581Z)

And it was also putting the future of the crypto beat, which was our main podcast. Yeah, we don't really know what's going to happen to that now, to be honest. So that's been put on hold. But we, we nevertheless, I do have, like, we do have a media board.

### You (2026-04-08T20:30:42.280Z)

Okay.

### Guest (2026-04-08T20:30:49.821Z)

But I don't see anything on it for this video. I asked in the, in our Channel, if anyone has it. But like I said, yeah, I was out last week. I don't know what I was basically out of communication totally with the team, so I don't know what they've been up to. Yeah. I don't know either who. Who wrote the script, Ed, you did. Yeah. And who did you deliver it to? Jamie. Okay, so she's out this week as well. I don't know. I don't know what's going on with that video either. Or, or any promo videos, to be honest with you. I think there's just too many things happening and no real process around them. So, like, when. Some. Like a sync between all the members. To figure out what's, what's happening and putting stat priorities. Yeah. That's, I mean, that's kind of what this meeting is supposed to be. But I don't think anybody really expects this that they have to come to this meeting. You know what I mean? It's kind of like a optional. So. So I think what we should do is in the brand media design, you're not in that slack channel, are you? I have the, I, I have the social media marketing General. Social media marketing. Okay. Yeah. Then I think we need to drop a note in here around. This. And I, you know, Jamie being out complicates this since she was the one, I guess, on the brand and design team that had any knowledge of this. All right. Can you put the script in the social media marketing channel, Ed, and we can then at least, like, kick off this project with their team and see what is needed. Exactly. Yeah. Answers from people like, because somebody definitely has been involved in that already. Yeah. Don't have them on this call. That's all. And we're talking about election coverage. That's the, the bond market plus standard crypto. Page. Okay, so the good news there is that, like, all the designs are done and exist in figma. So if there is anything from a UI perspective that we need to, like, show as Kelvin's promoting it, you know, we can't. I think the idea, and I know I've said this on this call before, was that it would be similar to the, that campus promotional video that you all produce, jordan, with, with Kelvin, where he does of the talking. He's kind of like a hype man for the product, and we just show a couple of quick product shots. I don't, I don't think it should be like a full-blown product demo video where, you know, like, like apple produced it or some like that. So, yeah, Ed, if you could drop that in there and then we see, like, you know, we can talk to, we can see if Jamie can, can jump in or just, you know, comment async or maybe Kelvin can let us know that he's read the script and he's ready to go or whatever, and then I can look at the comps or the, the graphics. All right. All right. Well, I don't want to keep everyone just to keep you all, but thanks for, for checking this stuff out. Thanks for experimenting with that stuff that I've got there, Jordan. Let me know how that goes. Please. When you get time tomorrow and then just one, I'll fill you in and Jamie on all of that stuff probably, you know, early next week whenever we all get together. All right, cool. Thanks, everyone. See you. All right.

### You (2026-04-08T20:34:37.480Z)

Thank you. Later, guys.

