---
granola_id: 0ab50b8a-e613-4532-bbfc-4d2791549d62
title: "Brand, Media, Design Weekly Sync - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-15T13:29:41.389Z
updated: 2026-04-15T14:01:49.320Z
attendees: 
  - dquinton@theblock.co
  - ckuhn@theblock.co
  - melshahat@theblock.co
  - jcarusi@theblock.co
  - snotcutt@theblock.co
  - jleech@theblock.co
  - ksparks@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - zwang@theblock.co
  - gjenkinson@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Brand, Media, Design Weekly Sync.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Brand, Media, Design Weekly Sync

### Guest (2026-04-15T13:30:50.238Z)

Narratives around it. But, yeah, they look good, everybody. Awesome. Everybody looks good. Look at y'all looking healthy, looking young and healthy and fit. What a team. We are. I'm gonna wait on Jamie. She is in the english countryside in a. Looks like a super cute little cottage. So we'll see when she joins. Davis texted in slack here and said he might be 5 to 10. Minutes late. There are a few agenda items today, which is. Which is good. I'd love to see jordan on the call, too. I'm gonna ping him and see. Oh, he's recording. He's with satoshi right now. Oh, that sucks because I wanted to. Share the progress that I've made. I'm gonna ping him and ask him if he can meet up with me after. I'll do that later, though. I want to share the progress that I had made in singular yesterday. I finally got a chance to dig into that. But also wanted to discuss. The. And we should wait for Jamie for this. But Kelvin recorded a great video for the election hub coverage based off of a script that I think Sean wrote or Ed wrote. I'm not sure. And the video is great. Ed, you've shared with me the link to the dev box. So I think the next step will be for me to listen to Kelvin, listen to the script. Go in and screenshot moments from the dev box that make the most sense to overlay on that video so that there's some visual elements to supplement what Kelvin is saying. And then once we have that, I'll probably hand it over to Zwang or Jamie and let them actually work their magic and sort of put the two things together. But I'll do the. I'll do the sort of digging there or whatever. Let me see if Jamie's going to join us. How's everybody doing? Don't. Don't let me be the only one talking. Yeah, good. Amazing. I'm here. Oh, sorry. I didn't see you. So I was going to say I made a ton of progress in singular yesterday. Really stoked on it. It was actually really fun and. And good for me to get into it. And spend a lot of time with that. Kind of really understand the way it works now. And then. But first, let's talk about the elections. Hub video, which I just kind of. I'll just recap what I said. We have Kelvin's video. It's great. He hits a bunch of little moments. He's like, you know, get all the news in one place, see how the people in your play, you know, your jurisdiction are, you know, favoring crypto. And so with every one of those little beats that Kelvin hits, Ed sent me the dev box link so we don't have to rebuild at all, J.B. And remember, there was a concern yesterday when you and I were discussing it. I don't want to have to hunt down real content with the dev box has all the real content. So all I got to do is go through and screenshot all that's already built. So then once I have those screenshots ready, and I'll probably over screenshot just so you have options. You can. I'll hand it over to you and then you or Zwan, it's up to you. Can sort of work your magic and. And marry Kelvin's video with the new screenshot assets. Does that sound okay? Cool. Look at Jamie's lovely Cottage, everybody. Look, it's in the english countryside. Yeah. And I just like, oh, defy to death going on what I thought was a three mile leisurely hike. I was like, on a ridge on top of a mountain with a footpath of, like, two inches in Nike Air Max. Oh, I'm just glad to be alive right now. I'm not even kidding. What do they call that? When you're. Oh, there's a name for it. Whenever you're, like, on top of a ridge line. It's really narrow thing. Yeah, it's like a french. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. I can't either, but, yeah, that's what you were doing, Jamie. Sorry. I'm almost dying here. Yeah. I had no idea. Like, I had to walk through, like, fields with sheep and a bull. And, like, I honestly thought I was, like, going on, like, a little circle path. I had. I had no idea. And then it started raining. So, yeah, I had quite the morning, you guys. No, it doesn't want to give me the answer, but. Yeah. Okay. So we discussed the election hub coverage. Let's jump into singular. And I'll show you all what I learned, which is maybe not that interesting to some of you all. So I do apologize. It'll be more interesting to. Probably, like, the, you know, brand designers on the call. You'll see some concessions that I had to make, and some of the things that we have, like, options on, I guess. So let's get right in. The way that it works is. You have this primary, what's called composition, which is what you're looking at right here. This is where I'm, like, building everything out. So all of my lower thirds, you can see L3 animation. I have two. I have a guest animation. I have gareth. I have something called a date frame. You don't see it right now, but it's here. I have the. And it looks like the progress bars are doing stuff right now and they're all turned on. That's just a function of singular. You'll see in a moment when I. When I turn that off. So, like, this is where you kind of, like, compile all of your different assets into one. But this isn't where you really use them over here. You actually have, like, the controls to where you can turn things on and off. And so I guess we can just sort of start with that first. You build all of your little compositions and sub compositions in the composer. You come over here to what's called the studio. And you import them from the composer, and then you have. You have an ability to sort of set up this playlist and you can drag things around, and I'll work with jordan on this to your to. To meet your. You know your specific needs. So I'll put the date frame first here in this particular playlist because I figured. Excuse me. You know, it'd be something like, all right, you know, welcome to the starting block live April 14, 2026. And so that's the first liberty that I took. There was no animation for this little thing. So Jamie's a schwan, Michael, whoever. Feel free to look at this and, you know, make suggestions, whatever. But you can see there's sort of like a staggered. Animation on that. So then we got the lower thirds animating in. And about the best I could do in terms of matching it. It's not exactly like zechwang's lower third, but it's. It's pretty close. And then one of the things that I realized we could do is I cut up the four bars into four different compositions where each composition has its focus. So in the first one, when I turned the block briefing on, you'll see it goes white. And we actually have the ability. This is somewhat crudely done, so forgive me. We actually have the ability to. Create very limited little micro looping animations if we. If we so desire. We won't really be able to create, like, a progress bar, like a instagram story where it's tied to, you know, the time that's left in the segment that I don't know how to do that or if it's even possible. But if we want to create little micro animations within this, we can. And if we don't want to do that at all, we do not have to do that. I just was, like, on one and I was like, oh, I wonder if that's even possible. And it turns out that it was. So then whenever they move on to the second segment, they would turn the first one off, turn the second one on, turn the third one on. You can see now we're in the hot seat, and then you go on to the block original from there. So that is that with all of this learning the software and. And actually. Formatting all of this stuff took me probably about four or five hours yesterday. So this may not seem like a lot, but it felt monumental is working it all out. So I can't believe you did all this. This is fantastic. Honestly, I didn't even think we could do a tenth of this. So. This is really, really, really exciting. I love the micro animation. I think that's something we should explore. And then, you know, obviously we can fine tune any little details, but this is really impressive. Sweet. Cool. Cool. Yeah. And I'm going to set up some time. Thank you, Jamie. I'll set up some time with jordan today to go over. So my plans today, I have a meeting with Michael later. Other than that, it's pretty relaxed. So I'm actually really looking forward to spending another full day in this software. I want to build out the headlines. I want to make sure that we have. We have the core. You know, it's. It's easy enough to just change this color, but I want to understand how if I can keep these same lower third animations and, like, create a variable where I just change the color per what segment we're in or if I need to actually create four different instances of. Of these lower thirds. Which is as easy as just duplicating them, but then your. Your layer list would get quite long, you know? So I have some, like, sort of things I want to explore and see about optimizing or what. What best practices would be. But really what I need to figure out today in this software. Is. Dynamic text based on, like, data feeds also. So this might interest you at today. I will build out the Elmax kicker bar. As a static, like element. But what I can do is I know I can create something called data nodes where, like, bitcoin, the name won't be a data node. But the price and the percentage will be data nodes. So, you know, bitcoin can be static because it's not doesn't ever necessarily need to change. It can only be like bitcoin, ethereum, you know, solana or whatever. And then the numbers can be dynamic. And so then what we'll do is we can work with you and nikola to actually ingest a feed there. But beyond that, like these things, like willy nelson here, outlaw, you know, country outlaw legend, this all needs to be dynamic. Right. So that's what I think we need to work on today is for me figuring out how can we hook all of this stuff up and, like, the block original right here. This actually needs to be changing every single day as well. So that needs to be, like, dynamic text. No, that doesn't have to change. Oh, I thought that was going to change Wednesday. No, that's the little tag that we. That's the little color tags that come in. Okay. Okay, cool. If. If day by day, like, if you have five different days, five different segments at the end of the show, like Wednesday is one segment, Wednesday is another one. We could create. Like, five different playlists. I think they're called play let's say you implement right now. They are creating a second playlist here. Yeah. Duplicates of the same thing, and then you just change one of them and you have copies. But, yeah. Talking about the ticker, nickel and I have already talked about this. He's looked into the data nodes and, well, technically would be a data stream for it because we like that to be, like, super. Not super, but relatively fast. Refreshes. And the problem that he has with it is that if. As prices change, so let's say you go from 70k one to 70k 0.11, the, the area that the number ticks up changes. And, like, the fields, like, so something for you to look into is that those fields don't, like, shrink or don't move together. So it's, it was really, like, frustrating. Are you, are you suggesting if they add an extra data, I'm sorry, decimal point to a number that the text gets wonky with the text near it. Is that what you're saying? Or. Yeah, like. Yeah, like the fields that are next to each other, like the BTC and then. Right. Yeah. So quite honestly, here we are looking at the election hub, the test page. What I would suggest is see how this one always has. Three, three, I think what I'm hovering, it doesn't do it. Why did it stop? Okay. Yeah. So Seat has two persistent. It has bitcoin, it has eth persistent, and then it switches between bitcoin cash. What is that? Litecoin and XRP, and then it'll switch out to. Salana, python and, I guess, link. So what if we don't do that? What if we just have, like, a little bit more space between them and prioritize, like five, you know, and don't actually swap them out like this. And what that would do is it would allow it to where because there's no way, like in figma, when you set up an auto layout and you add a decimal point, it would push the next data over, you know, or if you're remove a data point, it would pull it closer and it would keep that consistent spacing. What's the software singular is not going to do that. It's not like it doesn't work like that as far as I can tell. So we're going to have to create boxes that will accommodate whatever length that we need. You know? And so we'll say, like, okay, the longest numbers are, you know, we'll accommodate bitcoin. Right. So let's say it hits 100,000. So that would be six plus two eight digits. So we would define boxes wide enough for that and then just lay it out and then it can just change within the box, probably. Yeah, that, that probably could work. And also, I think depends on, like, the actual, the actual animation that we decide on, like how fast it is. I think that also, because we could do a running across the screen, we could do one with, like, where it comes in, then, you know, goes down, comes in another one. Yeah. So that's a really good question, Ed, all those decisions make a difference in the way it's, like, working. When I was in here yesterday and looking at this, I noticed that the Elmax bar is only. It's only during the market section. Was that. Is that by design or is that just a mockup? Is that just a product of the mockup? There may be a world where we sell it. And I don't know if this is the case or not. I'd have to ask Gareth and, and Jeff where, like, we sell it for the whole show. Is that. Is that okay? We can accommodate that. Like, what do you think, Jamie? Is that how do you feel about that? Or was this by design that it only lived during the market section? I believe the conversations we had was that it would come up during the market segment. Okay. Again, like, if. If the team decides it should be up at all times, of course. I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna push back on that, but I do remember having a conversation of during that segment, the ticker would come on, which, of course, makes sense. You're talking about the market. Okay. And then it would disappear. I actually. I like it disappearing because it puts more emphasis on the ticker when it is on. But I'm. Indifferent. You know, if everybody wants. Yeah. Constantly. I'm not gonna, you know. But there's not a really. So there probably is a way to just make it continuously scroll and loop. The way that that works, though. Right now, it is a little bit weird to do that. I'm sure I can figure out how to do it. Do. Is that what we want before I spend a bunch of time figuring out how to make these. These should talk to jordan. And. David, I see you just joined, and maybe you know. I remember you and jordan talking about this, like, already exists or something. The ticker. Maybe it's a conversation. That might have been separate. Yeah, it was before then. So we talked about what Chiron is what the name ended up being called, what it looked like and did a few tests, whatnot. But I didn't go beyond, like, the polling of the data and refreshes and all that kind of stuff. But I did run into these spacing issues, like, very, very early on. I just stopped after that, though. Like, you know, so the. The bar, when they entered the market segment, it can drop out from behind. It could drop out from sort of, like, up here. Right. It kind of just drops down and see how the little drop shadow here. It would. It would fill this drop shadow area. I did that so that the block would not get, you know, should be a gradient of the corner. Yeah. And so. So basically it would drop down and then it could just kind of like the data would just update as it updates within. It's like its area, and it doesn't need to scroll like you're watching c span or some. I can build that out and that can be our MVP. And then if we need it to scroll, that's fine. But, Davis, I was able to figure out, like, how to. How to get these lower thirds built animating in and out and then changing the segments. I don't think it needs to scroll. Just my two cents. I think that's how I agree, but I don't think that it needs to scroll, especially because you only care really about the top 10 or top. Yeah, five coins. Okay. So. I'll build it out with, like, the top five coins for now, and. And we can use that as our MVP. Then I'll. I'll work on. I'll work on animations or. Or, you know, we want these animating in similar to the lower thirds. Right. Kind of the kind of the saying. Okay. And then do we want this to animate in from the right similar to how the date thing is animating in. Yeah. Let's. Can we look at that one part again? So sorry. It's. It's. I mean, move my screen over. It's like a little. It's gonna happen right here. I think so. Okay. Yeah. And then when he says that it can just kind of come in and be like the market or whatever, it'd be right here. And then everything else can, like you said, it like the headlines can come in kind of like that. Yeah. Yeah, I think that works. This is looking great. I think we should try to animate on and off as much stuff as possible, but also, like, you know, don't kill yourself if something's really not working out or something like that. It by default. It builds in the out animation based off of how you animate it in. You can change the out animation if you want to create a second animation. I did not. I wanted to get as far as I could yesterday. Without spending time on outro animations. I just thought I would let it undo itself for now. But if. If we hate the outro animations, then we can. We can totally redo them. I'll leave that up to Jamie. That feels like I agree. Did you come across any optionality to add, like, a sound effect, like a little whoosh or something like that when it enemies? I did not. I did not get that far. But based on our conversation yesterday, Davis, I did start to look into variables, and that's where I'm going to spend my time today in addition to building out some of the other animated elements. I'm going to. I'm going to try to figure out how, like, we can ingest a Google spreadsheet and populate, like, willie nelson's name with. With that sort of data. Based on our guest. For text field for text fields. It's relatively simple. I could not just, like, rattle off the top of my head for you how to do it right now on the screen. But, Nicola has looked into all these different beta feeds that we need to all these different pieces of content that needs to, like, be dynamic show. And that's articles, charts, tickers and actual free text on the screen. And everything but the tickers, we can basically, like, post it in, into the sub compositions. So he's saying, like, we obviously could build another page where we would, would, you know, like on WordPress, for example, you would put it all in there, send it to singular, and then you have to, like, still go into singular and, like, assign, you know, kind of. Select from the options that you have sent from WordPress. So it's like, it makes really no sense for you to, like, do this extra step. Might as well just go into singular and do it as you're preparing for the show. Because it's relatively simple when you, once you have the setup. He said the initial setup is quite annoying, but, like, once you have it all set up, all your playlists. Yeah. Yeah. Basically on the right, on the right side here, and I think it's subcomp info. If you have text. Yeah. So, yeah, exactly. You can see I created a variable for this Block original because I thought it. I thought this title changed based on the day of the week. And then I know that this is already a variable again. You can see it right here. It's. It's holding this placeholder data. If we wanted, I was planning on creating the five different segment names that would replace that. And so you can do that here. I could add those five in. So I think what you're suggesting, Ed, is it would be a similar thing where Willie nelson will be. I don't know if I just changed on the willy nelson will be a variable. His title will be a variable and his company will be a variable. And then they'll just have to come in here and select it from this list, basically. And then, like, for example, with articles, too, if you have a section where you're talking about five articles, all you would have to do is you would have felt like five of these different sections that you were just describing. And all you have to do is post in the URL and it would extract everything. The title, the author, the PNG. I'll set up a call with, Nicola, maybe today as well, then I know it's, you know, he's in, he's in. Yeah, yeah, we have a call on Friday, just so I know for this. Okay, cool, cool, cool. I might, I might ping him on the side and just see once I set up some placeholder text to see if he's still online, if he, if he wants to kind of give me a little rundown on how to do this. But for now, I'm really enjoying it. And I want to get together with you, Jamie and Zwan and talk about things like these little micro animations, which you see running here and these. I want to show you what, what we're capable of doing. It's not. I wouldn't call it very extensive in terms of what we have the ability to do, but we can do this is basically the, the best I could do. I did turn this from white to, like, a gray because when it was white, you never saw this little mark. So I'll. I'll return this to white and then we can talk about what you want to see in here. All right. Thank you. Thanks, Kelvin. So I saw the conversation between Jordan and Davis about the data or the news API. To, to show, like, all news at all times. It was just like a suggestion. I just wanted to bring it up to the team. Because we should have discussed that. Yeah, I think if we're having difficulties figuring out scrolling, then this would fall into that same problem. And we, we definitely don't need to stress about it right now. This is something we can add later. But I do think that'd be a cool feature. Like, just as a kid growing up watching the news, I love treating the little headlines going across the bottom, so it'd be something similar. I can look into that today, too. It's, it's probably possible. I mean, I'm sure it's possible. Singular's just got a bunch of quirks. And Gemini doesn't know about it, dude. It's, it's very wrong. That's a lot easier, actually, than, like, something like tickerus because it's just one field text and it's just running across the. Our headlines are usually very long, so we could almost, like, fill up the whole thing. And the next one starts. So. Yeah, let us know, and we'll definitely accommodate that. That's a good point because it's not live data as well. It's not like if we publish a story mid broadcast, we'd have to push that new headline out like nobody would really know. We could just keep running whatever it was loaded up that morning. Yeah. What's weird about those are called behavior animations in singular. And as far as I can tell, you have to use the pre canned options. I, I, that's what I went back and forth on Gemini offer probably 90 minutes yesterday about manually setting, like, offsets and stuff like this, and I just cannot figure it out. It kept referring to menus that don't exist. And so those. Three canned animations, like, that's what I'm using for that little micro animation on the segment bars. Once it gets to the end, it pops back to the beginning. And then it pops back to the beginning every time. It does it like. It doesn't, like, go off and then come back in smoothly on the other side. It doesn't do that, you know? And so it could be a little tricky to. To figure this out. It's probably possible. I mean, I've spent all about four hours in this software. I mean, in general. I think all that's looking really, really good. Like the rollup news studio in new york that we're gonna hit him with a better looking broadcast. From garris office. But I think we should just, like, triage essentially these features that we're talking about and just try to work towards getting ready the show for the show on May 1st and not really worry about these additional features totally. Like, this could be, like, in my career, the first proper MVP that actually gets iterated upon. You know, we can roll it out. It can look really good. We can, we can hit all of the, we can do, like, the 80 that'll get us, you know, most of the way there. And then over the course of May and our first few episodes, I'm sure we'll have some learnings, then we can, we can iterate and really improve it and add the additional bells and whistles that we want. But, yeah, I'm, I'm really enjoying this. Software, so I'm, I plan is to spend another four hours, five hours in it today and come back, hopefully with you all. Tomorrow or, or Friday with, with some really cool. Yeah, I know this has been a big lift from a lot of people because it's something a bit different. But, Gareth definitely seems like the type of person that it's worth it for, he's going to take full advantage of this and he'll do whatever he can to help out as well when it comes to the day to day. Yeah. Yeah. Get great. I'm excited about this show. I think it could really be a game changer for the media and this, this company and the brand. So, you know, stoked to be able to do my small part. Yeah. I've been interviewing some more video editor candidates. I don't know if Sean mentioned that, but we talked to a really good one a few hours ago based in Miami, and he specializes in short forms, so he'd be pretty much working on the starting block if this goes there. So it's all lining up. Sweet. Awesome. So the, when back sort of just to pivot back to the election hub stuff, the media team's done with their work. They've already produced the video. When do we want to roll that video out, Ed, on socials? Sorry, that's maybe not exactly the right question. When is that product going live so that we can plan the, the rollout? It's like, it's like, who's coming to the party? And it's like all the people have asked to come. They're all asking the same thing. So it's like we're asking to, like, I'm looking to get all the assets together, like the social plan, the video waiting for probably markets. Like, go ahead. And it's like everybody's asking the same things, like, when is it coming out? It's like whenever we have all those things ready, we'll, we'll go up. But it's probably estimating either late next week or early the following. Okay. And then, Jamie, once you have those screenshots from the site that Ed put together, it probably wouldn't take long would it to throw the sea iss on. Thanks, buddy. To, to.

