---
granola_id: ddbc8f49-8110-4262-accc-a43127a0d9cc
title: "Crypto Knowledge AMA - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-03-12T15:34:08.660Z
updated: 2026-03-12T15:48:34.016Z
attendees: 
  - lcermak@theblock.co
  - The Block Company
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Crypto Knowledge AMA.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Crypto Knowledge AMA

### Guest (2026-03-12T15:34:09.033Z)

Yeah. It's a good answer. I I I would say I agree with most of it. Right? Like, Bitcoin Max use in general are very insecure, I would say. Overall, and that's been that's been the core trait of them over the last eight years or so. This has been the case since, like, very early days. Even, like, 2016, 2017, 2018 when Ethereum started doing some things that were quite unique and definitely valuable. You know, they most of them thought Ethereum would fail within a of years. They didn't think it would cross $100 or whatever. Like, it it it there's this, like, a lot of insecurity and lot of belief that that nothing else should exist and and and that everything is just you know, an extraction scheme. To be able to take away from from from Bitcoin and and retail people by by themselves, which I think most of us here don't agree with. But there's, you know, the similar to what Garrett said, there's some truth to what they say, which is that a lot of that is true. It's maybe not true for everything, but generally, especially when it comes to, like, newcomers to crypto and and people who are not as involved as as all of us are. A good rule is generally, like, only get exposure to things that you understand, and and and Bitcoin is the only one that has been able to establish itself as someone with as something with, like, super long term staying power. Right? The way, like, I like to think about investing in crypto is that it's like, risk of holding it for more than ten years. Right? Like, which assets am I comfortable holding? Like, let's say I go into a coma and I wake up in twenty years, like, which asset do I actually think still has value? Like, could be, you know, anyone of the top 10 could could survive until then, but the highest degree of certainty is for sure Bitcoin. Like, I'm not sure if Ethereum is gonna be around in fifteen years or, like, as valuable as it is. I I would be kind of surprised if it isn't, but it's certainly possible that it gets surpassed by something else. And the reason for that is because Bitcoin has this monetary value that has been established. It was the first one. It's it's basically, like, the thing in crypto, and I think that's gonna be very difficult to disrupt. Whereas, something like Ethereum, you know, it constantly has to innovate, has to change. Constantly has to come up with new things for it to remain relevant and remain you know, in in remain to go to. Like, you've been and the perfect example of this is Solana. Like, five years ago, if you ask someone, like, good you know, some other new chain rival Ethereum, most people you no because of the same properties that Bitcoin has. It was the first smart contract chain. It's most robust one, most decentralized. But the reality is that it hasn't really materialized. Like, by price, maybe it hasn't been surpassed, but but by a lot of metrics, it has been surpassed by Solana, especially when it comes to, like, retail usability and you know, different chains tend to kind of gravitate towards different use cases, and Ethereum kind of dominates its to show safe DeFi route, whereas Solana dominates the retail route. You know, who's who's to say that, like, something new comes in and and destroys Ethereum from this perspective. It certainly could happen. I would say it's relatively low percent chance, but that's how generally I think about, like, long term investing. And also a lot of, like, big capital allocators think that way as well. Like, they don't wanna fucked by, like, putting in money right now, and in ten years, it's worth a temp you know, 10% of that. Whereas with Bitcoin, there's so much track record and so much establishment already that it's difficult to imagine that it's valueless in in ten years. Any other questions that we have? One question, could AI agents end up extracting more value from protocol ecosystems? Human users? That's a good question. I think possibly, I I don't think AI agents are as sophisticated as many think. Today, and I I don't think they're, like, good enough to be able to do that yet. But I do tend to believe that, like, once you have something that's smart enough to, like, orient itself and it understands that it needs to fund itself as well to be able to function, to be able to you know, get enough resources to get better and stuff. It like, exploiting dumb people in crypto or dumb protocols in crypto seems like a relatively easy way to do it as long as it's capable enough. So I I think it's very hypothetical, and it would take probably multiple years to get there. But I do think that AI agents will definitely harden a lot of the protocols because they will constantly attack it to see if there are gaps and if if they can make money. But I don't think that's a short term thing. But we are already starting to see some research security research jobs publishing research that says you know, like, the newest models are not competent enough to find something by themselves. But if they're guided by one of our smart security researchers, they can do a lot more things than they could do before. And and and some of them have found very serious vulnerabilities by combining a really advanced model with someone that's guiding the model. So it's probably not that far enough not that far so that a model by itself could potentially find something. But you have to think of it as, like, yeah, once the capability is there, it will happen quickly. Right? Like, all the all the potential issues will very quickly get attacked, patched, and then it's gonna be I would say, nearly impossible until a new model comes up and maybe can can be even smarter and find even a a weirder issue or something like that. But in general, you know, with a lot of the d five protocols, like you look at something like, example, which has been around for seven or eight years. Without being hacked yet, you know, it's relatively unlikely that something is gonna be found. But it is always possible because these models have a different perspective on exploits than than humans do, and they're wired differently. So to answer the question, I think it's possible. But I also think, like, it's gonna happen fast. If there's a new breakthrough model, that's really good at research and really good at finding exploits, you know, you can bet your ass that this will happen very quickly since the model is released, not by some random agents. That just, you know, learns like, the there's there's a big bounty on these protocols. And if someone figures out, there's a good amount of money. Even though generally, like, if something is exploited, the protocol then offers something like five to 10% of as a bounty with with effectively no strings attached. Like, that's a lot of money if you hack a protocol worth, you know, I don't know, a $100,000,000 or something. You pocket $10,000,000. For just using the real advanced model. Like, yeah, I think that will happen for sure. But I do think that a lot of the AI agents that I've seen, at least, like, being deployed in crypto in some way are definitely overestimated in their abilities. So I think overall, they're still a lot dumber than we think. Waiting for more questions. One thing I posted about this in general, but I did publish my textbook like, two weeks ago. So that's one of the things that, like, for those that don't feel like you have enough of a grasp on the industry, it's written exactly for an audience like that where it's separated in in 15 chapters and basically has everything from, you know, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana to quantum resistance. To prediction markets, to whatever really I think actually matters in the industry. So even just, like, looking at the book and, like, summarizing it in cloud or you know, whatever. Like, whatever topic actually interests you, just, summarizing it in bullet points, just reading through and seeing where your knowledge gaps are. Like, I think those a really long way. I don't think anyone should, like, download it and read it because it's 100,000 words, but but it maybe read a chapter or summarize a chapter if something interests you. It really should be quite good of a resource for people that just don't have that much confidence in in your knowledge in these areas. It's open source, so, like, obviously, it's free and and if you have any feedback, that would be much appreciated as well for new people. We have one more question. How do you think Bitcoin will perform if the Iran war continues? Ramps up? People say it's been more tech adjacent recently rather than an actual hedge. It's a good question. Steven maybe has a perspective here as well, so I'll let him speak to it too. When it comes to, like, Bitcoin being more tech tech adjacent, it definitely has performed closer to, like, Nasdaq than it has to gold. Right? Everyone knows that. Gold has performed really well. Metals have performed really well. Bitcoin has not performed well. Bitcoin has underperformed basically everything, including stocks. And really, even with when it comes to, like, tech adjacent adjacent, Bitcoin has really only it's been the most correlated one. It actually goes down. It's that correlated when when tech stocks go up, which is which has historically been a bad sign. But I think that over the last two weeks, and that's where I wonder if, like, Steven has more thoughts as well. Over the last two weeks, we're seeing Bitcoin a little bit more resilient than it has been over the last six months. We're seeing, like, stocks not do as well, and Bitcoin for the first time in months, like, not actually reacting bad badly. We're seeing that it's, you know, doing a pretty good job defending that $70,000 level. Even though, like, MicroStrategy has been buying a little bit. But despite that, it's been stronger than, I think, I've seen over the last maybe even a year or something. Which could be a good sign that things are gonna start getting better again. I would be surprised if, like, eventually there's not a catch up trade for people who have exited Bitcoin and are trying to do a catch up trade for, like, gold and silver. I don't think that it, like, is very logical with how badly it has been And I think some of it has to do with, like, really big holders being skeptical around the quantum stuff and, like, short term future stuff or, know, short term, midterm future stuff. So I have been, like, positively surprised with how well it's doing over the last two, three weeks, which again, could be a start of something, but could also not mean much. So yeah. Steven, if you have any thoughts. Could be interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I can't explain why Bitcoin has been holding so well since The US started bombing Iran But it's very it's very interesting. It's not it's not since then, it has been, like, if essentially, uncorrelated to all the major assets from commodities, like gold to just tech stocks to US equities. It's it's really trading by itself right now. And there's really no explanation. Very interesting that we're also seeing ramp ups in micro strategies, other, like, they're, like, stable coin like asset forgot what's the exact ticket. Was, like, s t r a or something like that where, like, you buy it get, like, 10% yield from micro strategy, and it's it's getting, like, a record volume turn produces extra money for micro strategy micro strategy to buy more Bitcoin. So it seems like all of a sudden, a host of buyers have came into the market since the bombing It's like it's like it's almost, like, perfectly aligned to when The US started bombing our our Iran and in the end of February, and Bitcoin since then has been relatively up and holding very well despite all the bad news coming out. So whether that's because it's just sailor continuing to bid in even more size than usual or there's, like, some shift in the mindset of, traders where they can't find alternative assets to continue buying that they think will perform well, and then they're looking for laggards like like Bitcoin. To kind of catch up, like Larry said. So, yeah, kind of round about weights of saying I can't I don't really know the answer to this besides markets markets deciding that Bitcoin is kind of the safe asset to buy right now. Which is very good because the longer it holds this level, the longer it convinces more participants to deploy their assets outside of what they're currently holding into Bitcoin. Yeah. And then then to add on to that, like, generally, in these situations where Bitcoin has been performing really badly historically, right, like, three or four years ago. This is generally how you find the bottoms of these drops is that you have more people all of a sudden stepping in and holding quite strongly compared to how it was holding before. Doesn't mean we don't go below 60 k again. It's possible that we do. I'm not saying that it's impossible, but I think it's a really good sign for the market to forming. And I agree with Steven. We don't really know why You never really know why with markets. Right? You just know that more people are buying than they have been. Historically, and, generally, that's a good sign of, like, have more confidence that this is where, like, some of the price forming will happen. And price should be higher in the future. Doesn't have to mean that, but I would say it's a pretty pretty good sign. Any other questions? We have ten more minutes left, but we can cut it earlier. We have nothing else. Okay. Well, it seems like we don't have any other questions. Appreciate everyone joining. Well, do this again in two weeks. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Cheers, everyone.

