---
granola_id: 3f25e0ae-11d2-4b28-9fe8-4e4275fc7c02
title: "Google Ad Manager Operations Sync - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-07T15:31:06.454Z
updated: 2026-04-07T16:05:36.079Z
attendees: 
  - kvallecillo@theblock.co
  - vlu@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - ysmagulov@theblock.co
  - mprice@theblock.co
  - ldanowski@theblock.co
  - rmirzaie@theblock.co
  - jmilligan@theblock.co
  - tim@theblock.co
  - npivcevic@theblock.co
  - mlozuk@theblock.co
  - alebedyev@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Google Ad Manager Operations Sync.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Google Ad Manager Operations Sync

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:31:30.129Z)

Hey, guys. Hello. So this meeting was basically born from our Google ad manager implementation. And it's one where we sort of go through the updates in terms of where we stand with our specific initiatives that. Come with Google ad manager automations as well as. Like, specific ad contract. Implementations such as, you know, pre-bid. Features that we're trying to release, as well as, you know, like impression based contracts, etc. Etc. So we're basically trying to automate. As much as possible when it comes to our display ads and all the contracts that come with this. So, yeah, it's basically every two weeks when we together. And talk about adopts questions and adopts requests. And the collaboration between product and, and adaptation. Very, very. Thank you. Yeah. And guys, let me introduce myself because I appeared kind of from nowhere. And my understanding that it wasn't, like, fully communicated. And I feel like come some confusion. So basically foresight hired me to do the audit for the company in terms of the monetization, how we sell stuff. And it's, it's basically touching the, the every department. I, I started reaching out to people and I realize people were not aware, and it was taken just like, what is going on here? So I, I apologize for the confusion yesterday, but my goal is like, it's nothing scary or crazy. We do that for basically all the news companies under the foresight portfolio. And the main goal is, basically what is happening in the industry is Google, as you know, with all the AI changes slowly, slowly shifting the priorities and they realize that they're competing with the eye engines and slowly, slowly we score updates. The trend is going towards traffic is getting strict from the media sides sites and, like, whoever is monetizing through traffic will be struggling, like in a year or two. And it's obvious that they're trying to prioritize AI mode and we are not going to be able to make money. And, like, I was looking at the analytics, and it seems like around 45, 50% of the traffic is coming from its organic and basically coming from Google. So. They basically to understand what we currently do and how can we invest better and bring resources to develop products to not rely on Google organic traffic that's going to be stripped out eventually. There an idea that by the end of the year they will plan to launch full AI mode in certain regions, they've been testing it, which means we're going to be hit really hard in terms of the revenue. So. And the second thing is to possibly adapt to their products like AI max and the long story short, it seems like the industry trending towards browser will be similar, like an app where you will be seen in chat GPT, they're going to launch ads, they're going to be contextual. The AI mode with ads and, like, we need to make sure we adapt to, to this trend and diversify the revenue so that that's my main goal. I just started learning what you guys do. I came from coindesk where I spent around five and a half years, and I was doing all the sales myself before I'm a developer originally, but I, I have been touching all the aspects of the revenue. So that's why for me, it's kind of easy to understand what is happening in the industry because we were direct competitors. So I know what you guys do, and I've scanned your website many, many times. So I see some, like, pointersk is, is been sold to bullish. And there's a lot of problems in every organization. But, like, what I've seen so far is great. And, like, I see great people. But my goal is to basically. To try and switch the investment to the right direction. So going forward, we are successful and make the money not from the traffic itself. But, yeah, sorry. It is my little speech, just like to maybe calm everyone down because I, I sensed in the previous calls, like, weird atmosphere that there's an enemy in the house that's going to destroy everything. Yeah. And I will just try to learn from you and, like, whatever you do, I'm doing just analytics, looking at the google analytics, hrefs, the stats. I don't have access to ad manager, but I'm trying to learn your, like, monetization strategy, and maybe we can work together to suggest how we can make more money from it as well. So apologies for building the meeting, but I will. Stay quiet. Thank you for the, for the recap and for the introduction as well. I think we have everybody here now so we can. Go with the regular programming. We can start. Doing a start with the automation update for the sales force.

### You (2026-04-07T15:36:53.089Z)

Yeah. So I've been running some tests, and one of the things, carla, that we were trying to test, which ended up not working out, so I have to try to figure out an alternative was the. Two forms in an email. For a specific client. So I just have to double check and I might have to duplicate another zap, but I'm working through that. And the other thing I wanted to bring up, Karlo, was. The slides that you gave me with all the pngs. There were two in there data and insights newsletter and the funding newsletter, which forms would those go with? Because I. I didn't create forms for those specifically.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:37:37.089Z)

I need to check which ones you have, but I'm pretty sure you tied it to, like, the.

### You (2026-04-07T15:37:40.049Z)

Okay.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:37:42.689Z)

Daily newsletter because they essentially use all the same assets. Yeah, that sounds right. But I'll double check it. Let you know.

### You (2026-04-07T15:37:51.809Z)

Cool. Thank you.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:37:52.209Z)

But there will be no primary versus secondary. Like, there would be in the daily. Yes. But the primary for the daily is the same assets as the other two.

### You (2026-04-07T15:38:05.169Z)

So. So just let me know that those were the only two that didn't match any of the forms. And the last thing is, is there a preference for where you want the pngs to appear within the form link? Or would you want them in the email itself, like at the bottom below.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:38:22.209Z)

Yeah, I think the email is best just so that they can reference it, because if we put it in the form, then they would have to click on the form and go to the. Yeah.

### You (2026-04-07T15:38:31.409Z)

And I'm sorry, right below. Right below the form link, correct? Like where it.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:38:35.809Z)

That's fine. Wherever.

### You (2026-04-07T15:38:36.289Z)

Okay.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:38:37.649Z)

I don't think wherever it's visible and they'll know where to find it, it's fine.

### You (2026-04-07T15:38:43.489Z)

Cool.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:38:44.689Z)

So, guys, we are talking about a form that we are sending to clients once they buy a sponsorship to get assets to. Okay. All right, cool.

### You (2026-04-07T15:38:44.849Z)

Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:38:55.409Z)

Can you guys send that to me, please?

### You (2026-04-07T15:38:57.489Z)

You got it.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:39:00.449Z)

Yeah, we're trying to automate the whole. Workflow, basically from con, from contract one or closed one. Yeah. Closed one to it going live, essentially.

### You (2026-04-07T15:39:08.689Z)

Close one.

### Guest (2026-04-07T15:39:14.129Z)

Good. Good. Okay, then ymax, do you want to provide a quick update on the pre-bid stuff that what we chatted about yesterday? Yep. Sure. So if we're talking about prebit Alchemy works as intended, everything is good with Alchemy. And whenever we will meet, we just need to ask them to start campaigns. Bit media is not working and they're trying to investigate the reason on their site. Coin traffic needs to be updated and the task is in progress. I will ask the status, but I think it's on the Finish Line and savior and cod networks are to be added in one task and it's being tested. So if we won't have anyone for the next week, I think at least we'll have Alchey. But I think it's better to have someone. Are we approaching the end of okx ad campaign? Yep, we will have kicks and at next Monday. Got it. Okay. Alex, this is what you and I talked about a little bit yesterday where we have, like, we have one client that has historically six weeks of run of sight ads. So we did have a bit of a. Decision that we had to made. Where we are also running ads for poly market. But okay access purchase run of site. So we put the poly market on hold, ran okx. I just wanted to share that as an example based on what we chatted about. You know, makes sense to me. And it seems like Erma, you're implementing just integration with the coinzilla and bit media and you haven't worked with them before. Right. So. No, we haven't worked with them before. And it's our first steps to programmatic. But. I 100 sure we will get less money from premium mass. And like, so you're backfilling from them, but have you discussed with them, like any CPMs or like, have you applied for like CPM floor or it's just going to be just forced attempt? Well, let's have a CPM floor based on our flag. I will have our own house campaign with our campus ads. And I'll set the CPM like, I don't know. Five dollars maybe. And if they'll have anything higher than federal CPM, they will be shown. If not, we will show our own house campaign. Yeah, I probably going to need to just talk to you to learn more about what you do because I don't want to disrupt this call with probably the, the longer conversations. Go ahead, Karl. Jeff, I just wanted to clarify. So are we only running poly market when we have open inventory or will they be running in that slot for the remainder of or how long will it be running? What, what do you mean that that slot? The slot next to their widget? The slot. Okay. All right. That, that, that's what I thought you meant. This was. So, so right now we are not running potty market that I mentioned earlier. Like, I just want to reconfirm that we, we're still running okx. So when that ends, we will run poly market. It's something that we promise to them. Without the full appreciation. Like, personally, I thought this was a net new ad spot. That we created as part of the widgets and all that kind of stuff, but it wasn't, so it's fine. We'll still give it to them. But in that ad spot specifically, we will run poly market whenever okx finishes. And it's just that one unit. On the homepage. Exactly. Yes. Okay. So if when we sell to someone else, will they, will poly market still keep that one placement? For the force for the rest of this year? Yes. Okay. Basically got that placement for just the rest of this year. Yes. Yes. And that's just thinking we have a, we're contracted with poly market through the end of this year. So that's the thinking there. It's not ideal that they have this spot. It's only one piece of real estate. But. I don't see a big risk here with others if we have, for example, any direct sold inventory. We can, you know, we could think about it. If we absolutely need to pull poly market, if we have a very finicky client and they come back and they're asking, hey, why is poly market running? We can figure out a way to remediate. We can pull pie market, Etc. So we can be flexible here generally, but poly market has it technically. Okay. I just wanted to know just I need to double check in the media kits and make sure that that placement isn't there, but it could just save us if we just pull it. If there's an image of. That one placement. Yeah. And if another run of sight client is concerned with that. Could potentially mention to them that, you know, it's below the fold on the homepage, that part of the, of the homepage does not usually get massive amounts of Impressions. So there's that card to play as well. It just sort of complements the component, you know, as a, as a full bar, probably Market presence. So. Yeah. Yeah, we can obviously pull more specific stats monthly, but I doubt those stats are very impressive anyway. Cool. Anything else? Tim? Any other questions? You're Michael. One thing maybe it's going to help you. I think your mid media and coinzilla is not working because it's most likely you haven't configured the one trust. I see like in console. I see that like you have the gdpr through, which probably like enforcing and blocking them. So like bit media and coinzilla thinks that they're in Europe, even in the US and it's not firing that. So like maybe you're going to need to add them to the allow list on one trust in the, in the cookie consent. With the brand ticket to check it out. And thank you, discussion. Help us with solution to you're cutting out your bank current here. They were saying, yeah, the brand had some issues with one trust. Brian said the same thing. Okay, I assume if you turn off the camera, if you turn off your camera, maybe it would help. Yep. Can you hear me now? Yeah, better. Yep. Brian said he had some issues with one trust and we'll discuss it with him. Got it. Okay. So it seems like he already knows what's wrong. Okay. Yeah. Ping me if you need help. I can help you debug, but it seems like it just blocked by the, by the cookie consent. Great. Thing is Ale got an inbound request from a company called rev up digital. They claim that Germany willing to sort of pay for ads. They say they've got quite a lot of. They'll feel quite a lot of traffic and that their CPMs are typically about $45, which is above our floor price. They are non crypto. I believe, just sort of regular ads. But if we're okay with that, we can get them signed up and then they can just start competing against the crypto guys. Or ad space. Rev up is the company, Tim. Rev up digital. Yeah, they seem to be a Malaysia marketing agency. Okay. Do we have a sense of their client base at all? No. Okay. How do we feel about non crypto ads across the site? I know this was a big in my old roles. This was a big. Contentious topic, and we, we stuck to crypto only. I feel like crypto ads definitely make a lot more sense. But I think. I don't know if the money's there. I think it makes sense to have non crypto ads. Like, what'd you guys do at coindesk, Alex? Did you have crypto adjacent and other more traditional companies that aren't crypto fintech blockchain? In the ad mix? Not really. It's mostly related to companies that either in the crypto space or like fintech market, or we had a lot of ads and, like, you were running a lot of successful campaigns for, like, direct salt, people that are trying to do the business with ETF indices and, like, institutional investment. And they are willing to pay, like, more for the crypto niche because the kind of market is really narrow and they're trying to funnel the audience from there. So it was, like, the most successful part, I would say. And, like, then they're like traditional ads that the cure on the site reaches backfilled with header bidding. Then you see all ads all over the place if there is no inventory. So that, that was kind of the strategy. I think, like, listen, if we, my view on this is I, my preference is to have pure crypto blockchain fintech companies, as I'm sure everyone's is. Like, from a business standpoint and a revenue standpoint, if it makes sense, I think it's something that we consider, especially if we have inventory that's just sitting out there. Any next steps with these guys, Tim, is it just a matter of. Yeah, just medicating them set up. I mean, like, one option we could do is we get the crypto people working first. Get a week or so of data on their CPMs, how much. Coverage they're doing. You know, and if we're finding that only paying for like 30 of our ads, we have like 70 unused inventory, then it makes sense to broaden if they're clearly covering everything. With like $7 cpms and it wouldn't be worth getting these guys set up. So that's a slower. But maybe better option. Okay. And also one thing that I, I remember is the good takeovers for like the homepage for, for events, like let's say you, you have an event somewhere in Europe or, I don't know, the salon or like Dubai events that are now, of course, on the, on the pause. But these people are willing to pay more money to promote their event because it drives the ticket sales for them. And if you're not competing in this niche, it's, it's a good idea. Like Winslow and us, there was a competition with consensus. We couldn't, like, utilize it fully, but there are some players in the market that are willing to promote their events and, like, pay more. I wonder if there is blockchain partnership that we have. I wonder if they would be. They would like that. We have the homepage takeover ability to. So just something to keep in mind. I think the idea is good. And I don't, it's probably not a good fit for parents blockchain week just because we're giving them a bunch already. Partnership standpoint. But, yeah, that makes complete sense. Any, like, very specific event based. Or, like, product launches and things like that do well on the, on the takeover side. Cool. Thanks, Lu. All right, so we've worked with these guys in the past. So let's, let's get them set up. So. To confirm, there is no guarantee that they would, in fact, run ads. We need to make sure that they are set up in the system where they have the potential to run ads for their clients. And would this be. Just simple bidding on the ad space? Like, this falls into the programmatic umbrella. Cool. Okay, let's give it a shot. I mean, I think it's worth to test, as Tim, exactly as you said for, for a week or two, see what, see what we're, see, we're coming up with. Sounds good. Sorry. You're saying let's test with the rev up digital people. Rev up digital. Let's get them integrated and, you know, have the ability for, for them to run ads. How are we? All right, so for something like this, I, Lil, I know it's your favorite topic. From a revenue and a salesforce standpoint. We now have the Alchemies of the world, the rev ups of the world, where they may or may not be spending money with us. They have the ability to spend money. Do you have a preference, Lil, on how we manage this, or is it very similar to, and I know we've had this conversation before, but just never made any decisions. Is it similar to bitwire chain wire where we're including, you know, We're, we're back dating opportunities once revenue comes in the door. I think from my perspective, I can handle whatever the decision is, whether it's looking at a separate revenue bucket. And then giving you a consolidated report at the end or actually creating monthly, like usage type reports as bookings and salesforce. So I can handle either way operationally. We just need to. Decide with Vicky, I think, how we want it to look. Okay, cool. And your Mac, whoever can answer this. When we see dollars come in the door. How do we, how do we, like, does, is it, does it all flow in impact, for example? Is there a system where this revenue comes in? Like, how are we paid on the programmatic ad side? Usually when we. Get some threshold, like, I don't know $100. They will come to us and ask whatever is the best way to be paid. It's like, do we want to receive. I don't know about crypto, but usually it's about what's our, our bank details. So what information be set up ahead of time? Like before someone is programmatically added to the system, shouldn't we have all of that administrative stuff in place? Like to ask that in a different way? Is it, yeah, you're, let's say you're laying your credit card wallet address, whatever down up front. Or is this, is the expectation that you're getting an invoice every month for past usage? And it's actually similar to a contract. Like, is there automation behind it and it's ending up in a stripe? System? Change stripe with any other tool that it works? With? Or are we expected as a finance team to invoice based on what we see the usage of in, like. I think usually it would be monthly payment, post payment after the month. We have shown that. We should be involved in. Invoicing, but I'm not sure about this particular networks. Okay, cool. Take this. Sorry, guys, I can answer the, the coinzilla and bit media for sure. Like the, the bit media is $50 floor. Once you reach $50, you can either reinvest with them and use it to advertise yourself or you provide the crypto wallet. It's usually just like the wallet that you provide and it sits under the account and you can extract it. You just need to go to the dashboard and click extract with coinzillo. You can do the account or you can do crypto as well. So they can, it's up to you to set it up. But there's like no invoices. There's no financial part involved. It's all like managed on the dashboard. So you're actually logging into their system. Yeah. You used to have like personal account and just their board with your account balance and you just click buttons and provide the financial details. That's, that's what we have to do to get the chain wire usage is they have their own platform. We have to log into that. So it's like a totally separate thing, and then we're consolidating it at the end of every month. Yep. Yep. So we will. Okay, so let's, let's just take this offline, guys. If we could figure out, like for Alchemy, for, for each of our potential advertisers, we just need to figure out that we, before we launch anything that we're set up administratively, like the payment rails are in place. We are very clear on how we're going to get paid, where we have to go. Because then from Lu and Vicky's standpoint, that is obviously it's quite manual that we'll need to figure out. Carla. Jeff, just a quick question. Just in case you have to hop. I know our deal with bit get. For unused. Openings is we're not doing that anymore. So what's the plan for whenever we have open inventory for display ads? What will we be running in, in those? So as it relates to bit get, if they reach out to us, just let me know and we can handle it on a case by case by case basis. We are in a bit of an interim time period with them where we're either going to amend the old contract or sign a new contract whereby they will have some level of spend with us monthly that will be free of charge. Five or ten thousand dollars. They can advert, they can use any of our products, not just releases and sponsor posts. They want to do a white papers AMA. They can do that. They will then pay us on the excess. So that's just for your awareness. For other open inventory, we should, on a weekly basis. If we have absolutely no one, I can fill inventory and we're not yet ready to click on the programmatic side or there's a hiccup or something, we can think strategically about which of our current clients that have paid and we are currently under contract could benefit from getting some free advertising. As an investment into a relationship. So stay close on be proactive in terms of when we have open inventory and how we manage that. Okay. It would be on an exception basis. If there again, if there's a client that we need to get over the line, maybe we can throw them some free ads. If there's an existing client, we want to help the relationship, we can include them. And, but again, absolutely last resort. Okay. But we can use it to our advantage. Any other questions? Tim? Ed, can, can we talk for like five after this? Yeah. So I think just, just the biggest to do is do, do we have a master list of ad, I'm just for lack of a better word, add vendors that we are throwing into the programmatic mix. I heard coinzilla. I know we have Alchemy. Potentially rev up. Anyone tracking any of that? So you make us the list. I've just asked him, I messaged Alchemy in terms of like the payments. I'm just asking for the rest of the company. And then, yeah, I just sort of reach out to each of them and make sure we get set up in the building. Okay, cool. Yeah. Let's put, like, pull together something super simple. Just list of vendors, like where we need to go for, you know, to true up to get paid. Do we need to provide a wallet address? Do we need to provide bank detail? Just like some summary that we can all just work from and then we can give access to Lill and Vicky, and then we'll likely expand the process from there. So for me, that's the biggest to do. Outside of that. Cool. My only other point is. We talked about, hey, do we want to still sell direct? Do we want to move to an impressions based model? Again, no changes there from a sales standpoint. We are still actively trying to sell direct, but also offering clients the impressions based model. So really no update there. But it is something that we're thinking about. And ideally, we do end up moving to a full impression space model moving forward, even for, you know, we can think about what a homepage takeover looks like. You know, if we need to sell a 2 million impression ad campaign that is geo targeted and it's going to last 6 in one very specific region, then we can do that. But still tbd on that front, no firm decision on direct versus impressions. Okay, sounds good. Just one, one point to that. I was looking today at the impressions and, like, click through rates. And in GA, I see that newer post, I assume, after the migration to Google ads manager, you have a bug that is probably like the report and it's not properly set up. So it's going to be, like, challenging to see. So the at click CM is zero to all, like, new posts. So it's just because in gamut, it's not configured properly. Like, I can help your map tomorrow just like to adjust the macro. Because if you sell it, you will be reported. And now it just currently shows you zero for clicks. So that's that kind of easy fix, but just to keep in mind. I think it's the issues with our events because we've been collecting events for previous server clicks, and we have not updated these events in g. Okay. Yeah, it's showing you the old post. It's working, but for newer is broken. So we need to update that. Okay. But, yeah. Whenever you had that. Yeah. When I will, I'll have a task. I think if. Everybody.

### You (2026-04-07T16:02:07.089Z)

Nice meeting, Aleks.

### Guest (2026-04-07T16:02:11.809Z)

Can ask for your help, too. And I just wanted to ask you about the election hub because I know you mentioned that there's ad space on there. Do you know when it'll be going live? If I had to guess, I would say next week, but it's depending on our socials push as well. If we have once we have videos and schedule. So either next week or the following. Tim, can you think of any company that we might be able to get to sponsor the hub? I can send you the mockup. So could you ask Tim. Sorry. Would you address as a Tim or. Yeah, I was asking Tim. As in, like. Isn't it poly market stopped sponsoring in a year's time? No, there's gonna be extra ad space on that. Page. So we were hoping. Yeah. Should either display as we get treated like normal. Right? No one. Yeah, she's just asking if there's, like, any specific company for that specific page if we wanted to, like, basically. Do a custom one for elections. The only one off the top of my head would be coinbase and then stam the crypto. Like thing. Okay. I think Gina knows them well. It's working. Yeah. Okay. That was all. And will you keep me in the loop whenever you feel like it's getting close and I'll let her know? So that maybe we can get. Someone to sponsor next week because we don't have the sponsor yet. Sounds good. We'll do. Thank you. All right. Thanks, Dan.

### You (2026-04-07T16:04:03.249Z)

On. Guys.

