---
granola_id: 62406868-bbdb-4876-a8f2-b5e9a6e24f21
title: "Job Boards Prep for Client - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-07T14:34:51.573Z
updated: 2026-04-07T14:53:55.653Z
attendees: 
  - akryvanosau@theblock.co
  - bmendoza@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - npivcevic@theblock.co
  - rvishneuski@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Job Boards Prep for Client.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Job Boards Prep for Client

### Guest (2026-04-07T14:34:58.714Z)

I'm just gonna start taking notes. Sean, do you have to do anything else? With Gemini? To take notes? Just press on the button.

### You (2026-04-07T14:35:09.733Z)

No.

### Guest (2026-04-07T14:35:10.554Z)

Okay.

### You (2026-04-07T14:35:10.773Z)

No.

### Guest (2026-04-07T14:35:13.114Z)

All right. Let's see. I guess we should have called out that we've been going to the other call. But. Just roll my. Brian. And there we go. Okay. So. Luxur integration. I know that we've already had quite a link. Thread. Yeah, three. Three, like, if I can jump with just one question. So can you. Explain exactly? So what is. Pioneer jobs? What is luxo and what is Block Hunters? And it's like kind of all interconnected somehow. Yeah. From how I understand it, pioneers is basically another job, like job board. It'll be like our competitor. And this client of ours, I think it's B. So that's the Block Hunters. I believe the Block Hunters group or whatever. Is a company whose listing jobs. Right. So they are utilizing lock saw, which is this, like a SaaS company, I guess, or whatever it is. To distribute. It's like an ATS, right? Like applicant tracking system that distributes applications across many of these job boards. And they, I believe they sort of, like, compile those applications into one spot. Essentially. So, yeah, the, our contract would be with the BHB group, like with the Block Hunters, and they have been essentially, like, asking us, hey, can you incorporate loxo this can you support lockso job so that we can, you know, nothing would have to happen from their end. They just post a job in the, in their database. We automatically basically get a copy of that. On our end. And then if, if an applicant. You know, goes and think comes, comes in and applies through one of these satellite job listing sites that also gets pulled in right into the. Central database. So that's sort of. The gist of it. That's how I understand it. So we, we are kind of signing up with this Block Hunters company, right? And one of your website is Pioneer jobs. But in the background, they're using this, like, third party system. Yes. Yep. So, yeah, that's when the link that I sent for pioneers that, that's how they have it implemented, where that, like, that's probably one of the bigger things here that we would have to adjust our front end for the individual job listings where you press apply and it's sort of like right there. It's a drop down. And I know you, maybe we can start with that one. You mentioned that in, in introducing. That on our side. Kind of with complicate the. Sending, you know, storing the application, maybe like another question. Like, do we, what's the purpose of saving applications in our own database? Like, is that like a hard, like, do we need to store a record of everyone who applied on our website? Why? Like, why, why we need to store the record. Yeah. I can double, double check on that one. That's one of the, one of the few questions probably that we'll have. To get to get pile up and, and ask them, you know? Yeah, I guess, like, if we do have, like, integration with logo. Yeah. Hoping we can also kind of query it like so. I don't know, like, kind of, we can see. All the job applications that came through our website, right, like. Is that like a security measure? Like, oh, I believe it's for, like, observability and, like. To make sure that. I don't know, if something with the, with the source, you know, application Source, they would have to have a label. It's the Block. If something went wrong with that on their end. You know, they have these applications, but they don't have any source of where this application come from. We would at least have, like, a list of applicants that we would be able to say, these are, these came from me. Like, I would assume that it's to ensure, like, okay, we referred 100 applicants from our job boards, like, for, for that, that would be why, but maybe there are other ways of taking care of that, like, sort of. Counting. But so I can, I can definitely go back and ask that question as, as to why. Yeah, maybe lockdock has, like, you know, like, kind of like this feel like kind of an affiliate program, right? Like, and, like, let's say, like, if I'm redirecting user to Amazon, like, I don't necessarily need to track, like, every conversion, right? It's like Amazon provides the tools of, like, giving, telling me, like, exactly how many users were sent or, like, kind of how much traffic was generated or so on. Maybe it's like an overkill to kind of also track it on our database. I don't know, just like kind of. Yeah, just considering, like, is it. Is it really necessary? That's a good point. Okay. Any other things that gave you. That raise your eyebrows? Yeah. And I think, like, so, so if, if we do kind of need to track, then I think it's the question of how we implement it. So can we use and should we use the iframe that log so has, right? Like, it's quite convenient, right? Like then there is no implementation on our end like we just showed the iframe. They handle the data storage API requests, everything. So it's quite convenient if we can use it. But if we need to store it also on our own, like database, then I guess I like suggested that we can kind of subscribe to this API call or kind of that is kind of happening in the background of the iframe. So it goes back and forth. It's like we, you use the iframe to submit an application and then we call the API whenever we like from their end, whenever we send the application, we return it back also. Is how I understand it. Like, so I think how it would, would work, it will kind of when someone submits the application through the iframe, we would also trigger, like. To save the data in our database as well. Right. So it's kind of like it would, the button press would dispatch two actions. Right. Save it where do whatever they are saving plus save it on our side. But, like, kind of like reading the data inside the iframe. Yeah, I don't know how that exactly works, like, how can we even, like, file like that is being uploaded. I don't know if you need to save it as well, like the CV or whatever. I don't know. Like, I kind of like the iframe. It's very simple to implement and, like, we don't have to worry about, like, the synchronization of, like, job applicants, whatever. But, yeah, just like kind of if we need to track it on our own website as well. Might be slightly more complicated. Makes sense. Yeah. Sorry. Like, sorry, not thinking about it. Like, so when they, when the job applicant arrives to log. O. They could potentially trigger a web hook back to our system. Right. And that's where we kind of. Immediately log the record. That's what I was referring to when I was first asking this question. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we should need to investigate and what's, what's the easiest path of least resistance. Another thing that, like, like is sort of, I guess, a requirement is that we have a source set. I guess that's relatively easy. Is it for the applicant applicant? It has the Block Source. And obviously has to be associated with the correct job. Of the application goes in. So those are relatively easy. Do we have some contact in luxo that we can reach out to? Because I think, like, to implement this, like, we need. Some, like, sandbox somewhere, like to test the integration where we can, like, get the data and try the iframe and see if it works correctly. Yeah, I'm sure we'll be able to get that. So. I'm writing all these down so that we can. You know, go back to that. And require or get all everything that we, that we require. Another thing. Was. What was I going to say? Oh, the, the actual concept of having, like, two different job listings. Like two versions of job listings, ones that are. Luxo powered, I guess, and the manual ones. Is there any clashing in there? I guess. Shouldn't be pretty straightforward. Right? Just like job listings that are API return. They're sort of like without press releases with chain wire versus the, all the other ones. Yeah, it's fun. I think, like, the only difference, like, visually, like on the front end will be like one is a, when you click apply now, it's the link to a third party website. And in this case, it's shows the iframe. Yeah. I think, yeah, it's, it shouldn't be like I'm concerned about it. Okay. Yeah. The mapping of the. Of. Them thinking about the actual logic of, you know, our jobs and the filtering that we have and everything. Like, obviously, we need to probably get, like, a sample of jobs. That they have listed. To test out the mapping. Right. Like, what is. All the specific job positions that they have? And locations and everything we have to do all that mapping as well. Right? Yeah. And. Companies as well, like someone, there is a. Oh, yeah. Because it's not like a single company, right? Like they have job postings from multiple companies, so we will need to kind of, whenever we think. A job, we need to figure out of the company. Which companies like the, and then we need to create the company entity. For that specific. Job listing. Yeah, but I guess, yeah, then we can, we can do that like that. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. Like thinking about it, like. Yeah. So since the companies, like, we don't have, like, a separate, like entity type in CLMS for companies. And so I've seen, like, for example, here, like Pioneer jobs, I see, like, even the Block has, like, job postings. And so. The Block is an existing company in our database, and it's here, so we might need to map it also somehow. Yeah. Oh, you mean, like, if we end up listing our own jobs on the job board? Is that what we mean? Yeah, I guess, like, we will. Right. Well, I guess they're out because. Like. Closed loop of our careers and job board. Yeah, but I mean, like, I mean, in a sense that I'm not concerned about this, like the blocks job posting, but, like, more in general, like, we might end up, like, with duplicate companies in our database because, like, it's not mapped correctly, right? And then let's say, like, I don't know, there is a company, a limb. I don't know. And then we might have it like the company allium in campus. Already. And so when we think it's not mapped correctly and it will create a new company allium in our database, right? And then we might end up, like, having two comp companies in, in the database, right, which might. Be an issue. Right. Maybe like merge later. Yeah. And. Yeah, alternatively, like, you know, we kind of. Rethink this implementation that companies are shared between, like, the entity company that is used in campus. With jobs, right? Like, maybe like jobs. Use, like, a separate. Database table for, for, for companies. Like, it's separate, like, completely thing. Maybe. Anything else. The rest of the thing. Any other questions? Just looking through the, the doc that Matt sent over. Seeing if I missed anything. Yet. So I think, like, initially, like. The most important part so that we can kind of try, start investigating it. It's getting, like, access to the API. And the API documentation and maybe some sandbox environment that we can, you know, try out. And then we can see, like, the data that comes from this API and see, like, how easy is to, like some sample data and see how easy it will be to map to our existing data points. Got it. Having said all that. Are we still thinking of, like, one week? For implementation two weeks? And then QA? Initially, the initial were asking for level for this? And then that's why we're sort of talking through it. Yeah. I don't know. It's probably a few. There's probably a few, like, sort of details. Like, few conditionals, but, like. Yeah, yeah, that's. Yeah, kind of, that's, that's the, like, always, like, there is unknowns and then, like, oh, no comes up and it's like a week of work. Yeah. That's kind of. The. Better estimate. Now thinking about this company, it's like, yeah, it might force us to create a separate entity for companies, Roma. Yeah. Just want to note that if we. Like, move this feature to test next week. It will be tested not by me. Anymore. So just. Yeah, for you to know. Yeah, that's definitely. Yeah. Good point. So you need a little bit more time for. Yeah. It seems like we need more stuff from there and to, like, actually take a look at, like. Especially the parameters and API. And what is the path of least resistance. With, you know, the iframe implementation that we can give an error more accurate. Estimation. But I think this is good enough with the. Questions and the requirements that we're asking from them, and then we can freaking lean again. And talk through it again. Does sound good? Okay. All right, team, thanks. Thanks for looking through the data in the docs before the call. So.

