---
granola_id: 023d705b-b281-43e8-bb05-761f89d4aeb6
title: "Product + Design Weekly Alignment - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-28T17:00:43.749Z
updated: 2026-04-28T17:39:44.737Z
attendees: 
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - melshahat@theblock.co
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
  - jcarusi@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Product + Design Weekly Alignment.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Product + Design Weekly Alignment

### Guest (2026-04-28T17:00:54.256Z)

What's up, Matty? It's lunchtime in New York, and it's lunchtime in Seattle or Portland. I can't ever remember. It's breakfast. It's breakfast time. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Late breakfast. I'm not eating yet. So I'm running on pure adrenaline, baby. Let's go. So. Basically, we'll let Serena join. I don't think Jamie will be joining this call. I just got off with Jamie, though, so everything is good on her end. Quickly, I can update you all there. Jamie and zechn are largely focused on the priced in podcast. They are working on a title sequence right now and some other sort of frames and things like that for the podcast. I know that's not really products purview, but I thought that I would just let you know what that aspect of the design team is working on. Michael has been crushing a shitload of editorial image requests, but if you guys need anything from a product perspective, let us know. Obviously, claudine, Serena and I are deep in the weeds on project CTO. I am going to continue to explore my sort of more out of the box concept of this, like, social feed. I'll share with you what I've done really quickly if it's okay. And then I want to, I want to give the floor to the product. And can you all see this? My screen. Yeah. Okay, cool. So I know I had, like, shown you all this the other day, right, where you have, like, the individual creators up top, but actually prototype this out a little bit more to where, you know, you now you have, like, a tab bar that's sticky and you can see this is going to introduce a lot of advertising opportunities. I know that's not exactly where the industry is going with regards to the cpms on display ads like steve alluded to. But as you scroll, what, what this does is it removes the compartmentalization of content types and it, and it creates a more natural, like a more, what am I trying to say? Like experience that users are more familiar with, right? Like everybody these days is either using Instagram substack or Twitter, from what I can tell, it's where they're getting most of their content, most of their news. So how do we become the substack or the, or the Twitter of, of crypto? Because crypto Twitter, quite honestly, is just a cesspool of sort of noise. So the difference this times from last time is I'm allowing the authors to actually contextualize the, the post rather than just having the post, like the, the headline lead itself, like up here, I think it would be better if the author could actually say something about the post in my, my sort of, what am I trying to say? My, my inspiration for this was obviously social feeds. But we have a channel called editorial tweets in slack where they do this already. Like the editorial team has gotten really aggressive at queeting their own articles, but they're just taking them directly to Twitter. So my hypothesis is if we do it through our own front page that that would be a, that they would adopt this because they're doing it in slack right now, they would adopt this, and then we could just simply share from the share button right here. Obviously, you could still get the all news. You could, you could bookmark like I talked about the other day, or you could go to the news page and the data page, the prices page or the watch page. But as you scroll this would obviously be a short that's automatically playing. This got all busted. I got to fix that. You know, chain wire is posting the posting this. And what I thought about press releases is we could sprinkle them in. Right. And, you know, allow again, here's like one of our researchers contextualizing something about this article. This is an actual tweet that he wrote about this article. So I grabbed that poly market, our sponsors. We could, we could regularly throw in poly market posts and things like this. Right. And the, the last thing that I wanted to say about this, and I had it a moment ago, and it started to escape me. Oh. Oh, so, yes, news is going to be posting more rapidly than everything else, but it just doesn't have to necessarily be chronological based. A substack feed isn't chronological based. My Instagram feed wasn't chronological based before I deleted it. So if we have a featured research piece or a piece of content that we need to feature, then it's just going to show up regularly throughout the feed. Right. It's going to show up every 15 posts or something like this. Maybe we create multiple covers so it looks slightly different every 15 post. But there, I believe there would be mechanisms for us to surface the content that we need to surface for whatever contractual obligations we may have. So this is kind of where I'm spending my time is to really figure out how this feed based thing could work. I still think the other work that the team is doing is super important because this one is, like, wildly out of the box, this idea. It's not. It's not similar to what we do now. It's not similar to what any of our competitors do now, but it is similar to what the experience that users are accustomed to getting now, I think. And I think it's good to have sort of a more. Yeah, it's the Block bytes becomes a homepage. Exactly. That's basically exactly what this then becomes. And I think that it is. Enough of a, like, of a Divergence from where we are today that, and I want to ask the product guys this. This might be a question for you, Matt. Is there a world where if we can get stakeholder buy into this as a hypothesis to where we could actually roll this out to, like 10 of our audience, we could still have more of a traditional experience for the 90, but we could roll this out to like 10% as like a beta test and then see if it gets sort of adoption, if people start to comment on it and if they do, we could roll it up to 20 and do like a, like a slow burn. But, but if it doesn't take at all and people are like, what the is this? I hate it. We could just kill the concept altogether. Is that, is that something that we can do from a tech standpoint? Yeah, of course. Okay. So that's where I want to spend my focus personally from a product design standpoint right now. And I want to have Serena and Claudine continue to explore sort of the more. I don't want to say traditional, but more iterative options where we can, we can still have, like, oh, this feels like a news site, right? This feels like something that I've been familiar with from the new york times or from coindesk. But then we have this as like a, like more of a wild option that we can present. It also feels like on, like, if we elected, right, to go this path on mobile on desktop, you could have a, like. A contracted version of that. So it would be like a feed. Like it would resemble a Twitter feed. That's exactly right. These, these comments would be those, like, you know, the above image messages, and then you'd have, like, the link right below it to whatever they're talking about. And I think on desktop, as the screen expands, it would give us the opportunity to, you could almost just have this mobile site on one rail of the desktop, and then you could, you could continue to compartmentalize content types as the, as the site gets wider. So I could almost lean into, like, what Serena and Claudine are doing for three quarters of my desktop experience. And then, like, one quarter could almost be this, like, feed that, that, you know, whenever you contract the whole thing, the mobile site just kind of, like, becomes the feed or whatever. I haven't thought about it that far. I literally only sort of started exploring this one. Was it yesterday morning? I think. But I do want to, if, if people think it's, like, potentially a viable option, I would like to spend my time continuing to prototype this out and, and explore it. So I think could have legs. Yeah, I think, yeah, it's worth a shot. Obviously, we didn't buy in from stakeholders, but. Oh, yeah, I see. I see the vision.

### You (2026-04-28T17:09:23.575Z)

Yeah same.

### Guest (2026-04-28T17:09:23.696Z)

Cool. Cool.

### You (2026-04-28T17:09:25.895Z)

Did you look at substacks desktop app?

### Guest (2026-04-28T17:09:27.776Z)

Yeah.

### You (2026-04-28T17:09:30.855Z)

Or like their website?

### Guest (2026-04-28T17:09:31.776Z)

No. No, I have not. That's a really good point, Sean, because substat was the that was. I did not get beyond mobile. I know that we've been talking about a mobile first approach. Yeah, this is this is. So maybe it becomes very similar to this, right? It's like still feed based. But they also have recirculation opportunities on in the rails. Right. Like, so there would be, there would be this basically this goes a lot like Twitter to me.

### You (2026-04-28T17:09:59.255Z)

Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-28T17:09:59.536Z)

On, on desktop. Yeah. So, yeah, I do think that this is kind of what I would like to see, you know, moving forward. But I also think that what claudience and Serena are doing is, like, really a so much better than what we're doing today. And I think that it's like it is more of a traditional approach, one that might just be more comfortable for, for everybody to, to adopt. So. But if product doesn't have any other priorities, then I'm going to continue to ask, claudians, Serena to do what you're doing, focus on these. We, I did ask them to sort of prioritize their favorite versions. And by, you know, hopefully by maybe the end of this week, we can all drop our favorite versions. I created a page in that document called for review. Drop your favorite versions of your respective explorations in that page called for review. I'm going to do the same. And if you want to spend time prototyping because you think that, like. Like an interactive model will help to explain something better, then please, that's, that's why I prototyped that into a scroll so you could sort of see how the top, you know, I mean, everybody uses social media. So. So you were already familiar with it. But, but I think it helps to sort of sell it whenever you have some, some interactivity built into your prototype. Cool. Ed. Gar, let's just say, let us know once you have those. Like figma files over jump in and react to. I definitely want to, like, comment on specific things that, like, I resonate the most with me. Yeah, I will. I think, I think what we should do is it's Tuesday. Why don't Claudine and Serena and I, we meet every Thursday. Why don't the three of us plan on at that Thursday meeting presenting to one another? And then at the end of our Thursday check in, we will commit our, our agreement to their full review page, and then I'll tag Ed and Sean in the, the page on Thursday afternoon so they can review it and then Ed, what I'd like to do is get those versions in front of stakeholders as soon as possible. So I'm specifically thinking, atom, I'm thinking, Stephen and probably Larry, who will be less interested. But, Adam, Steven, Larry, Davis, maybe gareth, like people like this, you know, once you all see the stuff on Thursday afternoon, I'd love to start setting up meetings with stakeholders. Because I know Matt sold this as a concept to, Jeff. I think Jeff's another stakeholder, obviously. He sold this to Jeff conceptually. I haven't heard much beyond just these check ins with product. Like if the rest of the company is actually still on board with wanting to pursue this or do they have other bigger initiatives for product in mind, you know, I know, Matt, you may be able to speak to this. I know this is your last few days. I don't know if everybody in this call even knew, I guess if you're on all hands, you knew Matt is leaving us on Friday. So Max last day is Friday. Yeah. So that's definitely sad. You know, but excited for you. I like that emoji you just found. So, yeah, look, that's us, bro. That's me and you. So. You know, I don't, again, what I'm trying to say is, like, is this a priority from a product standpoint? Does the red? Because I do feel like, Matt, you had to sell this to them. That wasn't something that they were, like, chopping at the bit for. So I feel like we might need to resell it to stakeholders with your, with you exiting. Yeah. And I talked to Steve about it on Monday. He still thinks it's a good idea until at least he gets his bearings and has other priorities. But I sold him CTO and, yeah, he said it made a lot of sense. I haven't done a lot of selling since the initial sell. Probably time for, like, dog and pony show. If you guys feel good about a concept or two. Okay. So that aligns with what I said a moment ago, which is let's wrap up our initial explorations by Thursday. Then we'll, we'll make sure that Ed and Sean get eyes on them, and then we will do the dog and pony show. We can start with the, the bigger fish, the larries, the Jeffs, the steves. If, if we can get in front of Steve. If you have Jeff's buy in from revenue perspective, the other dominoes would be easy. Okay, thanks. That's perfect so we can start with Jeff. And then sodean serena, that means don't. And you're not. You're not doing this already. But don't neglect the revenue angle. Right. So when you're, when you start to think about your mockups and when you speak to your mockups, make sure you can talk about how this is monetized. This is a revenue opportunity. This is a revenue opportunity that's going to be Jeff's language that we need to be speaking. He's not going to care about the users are going to do this or the users are going to appreciate that or this is going to help us build community. He's only going to care about, like, oh, you can sell this thing, you know? And so that's going to be our, our page views. So if you have an argument on engagement, that's good. Gotcha. So the feed might be worse for page views, right? So it's possible, but it would be good for. Like, Impressions, I think, to be honest with you in terms of ad impressions and also, like, video impressions. And if to, to Steve's point, our new CEO, he said, you know, I know he was kind of exaggerating, but if you get a $40 CPM on a video versus a 40 cent CPM on a display ad, then it sounds like he wants more video. Is the way I'm reading that. So did you, did you talk magic real quick? Did you talk about article and data CTOs at all, or was, was it just homepage? D? Talk most about homepage and article? I touched on data a bit, but since we're not even close to that and spend too much time on that, I told my thought data was a massive opportunity, though. Yeah. Sounds like a pun. That's it for, that's it from my side then. I had, I had a couple of things. Sure. Great. Matt, you probably already heard about this, and it seems like we don't really need designs input, but I just wanted to, like, bring it up to people just in case treasuries. Apparently are, like, being transitioned into the under the prices pages. So, Matt, correct me if I'm wrong, but what I, from what I gathered is that there's always. To actually pay attention to the treasuries stuff. And, like, properly implemented within the. You know, style and, and family of content on that, on that go. So what we essentially will be doing is just adding that force. Option under prices, if you remember. I guess I could share my screen. Also different from stocks, though. So, like, correct me if I'm wrong, but micro strategy is listed on the stock page because it is a treasury company. Yeah, but the, the data, like underneath. Treasuries would be very specific to coin. So it's like from the coin POV, it's like all these specific digital treasuries. So rather than their stock price, right, it's like how many Bitcoin they own. Yeah. And, like, you know, exactly. Different credit companies. So it would be essentially here as the fourth, because right now it's just a standalone page. That, like, doesn't really follow the style and language of ours. And it would be. As a fourth option here. But basically can just instruct them to utilize the same exact skeleton that I just wanted to, you know, just flag it on your radar that I'm going to start writing tickets for those. Yeah. If you need design work on this, we can divide and conquer. I mean, we can figure it out. Actually, I would say, though, you know. For the next two days until we meet Seren and Claudine on Thursday, I'd appreciate if you all just kind of. Really just spend time thinking about, hey, I need to polish my favorite versions. I need to be able to sell these from a revenue standpoint. And then Thursday, you can kind of, like, probably move off of this thinking. And if Ed, if you need some design help on this, I would say by Friday, we could have, like, some resources freed up because then it'll be like they'll be in a holding pattern waiting to see how the dog and pony show sort of goes next week with the stakeholders on CTO homepage. And then I want to move into article article. I'm actually going to start looking at article within the same breadth as the homepage because of the way that my feed works. I think that if I don't look at article now in concert with the home page, I could end up painting a corner myself into a corner, I want to do that for sure. I would say also articles to deal is a priority over this. So I just wanted you to, like, be aware of what I might be proposing to the, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're not like, where the hell is treasuries? What is this? Yeah, no worries. I think that we've talked about this before whenever Larry vibe coded the treasuries page. We were like, dude, the stocks page, quite honestly, should probably have the treasury information, but it just doesn't, you know, in an ideal world, that's probably the way it would work. Right. Is like, can you go to stocks, not tokens? So let's look at strategy. The price is $174. You know, it's gone down. That's the volume that's done. That's its market cap. So I think in an ideal world, it would have a bitcoin column. It would say, like, you know, say they hold bitcoin Andes. I don't think they do, but it would have whatever tokens they hold and then the number of tokens they hold. What else was on the treasury page? It has the type of tokens and then the number of tokens. The m nav, the, the mav. Yeah, it's like the market. I don't know the actual nomenclature, but it's like the worth, the worth of the treasury as opposed to its Holdings. Basically. Okay. It's all this, like, treasury specific stuff, but a lot of the stocks. In the stocks page are not actually treasury companies, coinbase, Robinhood. Right, right, right. They just companies that are crypto adjacent. Yeah. So there's a little bit of a Venn diagram there. And also, and also we're obviously, like, trying to separate them both because of our targeting two different keywords, like, you know, treasuries and, and from your perspective, it's better to have them separated anyway. So this is actually ideal. Okay. Yeah. I would love to have internal linking between them and, you know, to have been at a place where. I'll be able to go here and, like, if it's applicable to have some. Data that's related to the treasury, but that's just going to deep into the weeds. I think for now we have bigger fresh fish to fry. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah. Same. Thanks for the heads up, Ed. And, and, yeah, let us know if, as you start to write those tickets, you end up being like, oh, you know what? On the micro strategy detail page or on the stock detail page, we do need some treasury data pulled in, you know, then let's. And maybe you don't need to design help, but if you do, we'll be, we'll be able to jump on it. No problem. Cool. Yeah. And as you start looking into the article stuff, I, I'm happy to resend you, like, the initial stab that I've taken at it in terms of, like, buying the information as much as possible. It's, it's sort of scattered, so it's probably would be beneficial if I just walk you through. I have to refresh myself even on, on, like, that whole analysis that I did and the sort of proposal that I. Or the, you know, point that I'm trying to make. So, yeah, as you, as you start. To look at that stuff, just bing me and I'll hop on a call with you and explain it. Where did the rest of the designers as well. Too? Last thing I want to say real quickly, it just occurred to me again. Matt vibe coded the app store landing page, you know, and I've been doing a little bit of bqa on that. Thanks for the updates there, Matt. Do we need to be promoting that from the home, from the website? I think I created some ads for that. Do we need to talk about that anymore? It's, it was actually all ready to go. So if we, if we had launched iOS app yesterday, we would be able to put them on the. Oh, okay. I had sort of designed that are that blue. They, they're ready to go. They're going to link to on mobile. They're going to link directly to the App Store, I think, and on desktop, they're going to link to Matt's page. Yeah. Yeah. The mobile. Android is one thing for, for iOS is different, but. Yeah, good point. Good point. Okay. Great. And then sorry, just to recap, like, there's a little update on that because I think laria wants to access components gone from, like, the ads are supposed to be replacing the access components on the homepage. Yeah. Yeah. But we're, like, sort of small pause on the release of the iOS app. And that means that we're gonna take off access components first. And then once the iOS app is out. We'll introduce these. So there's going to be a vacant spot in the header for a week. Correct or something along. Yeah. Over a long. Yeah. Cool. That sounds good to me. All right. No further questions, your honor. I think we're good. In terms of the starting block. Nicola told me that you're, he provided you with. Yeah, he provided me with a price ticker prototype or something. He sent that over yesterday. I did not open it yesterday because I spent most of my day working on this, this sort of concept for, for CTO. I will dig into that, though and, and figure out he, he didn't sell it super hard. He was like, look, it's not perfect. And I couldn't get it aligned. So I was like, oh, dude, like, I'm not excited to dig into this then. That's, that's just Nicola in a, in a, it's always underselling himself and also overall, we're gonna investigate coin geckos live data because we don't want to just be, like, painted in the corner with Elmax. Like, if he's not the sponsor or if any sponsor at any point is changed, you know, in the starting block timeline, we want to just be able to switch to logo and be done with it so we don't have any dev work needed there. So great. That's probably why he's like, ah, it's just all next. Like, here go, go play with it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And so my, my read on the message that he sent me was like, this, this could be a can of worms when I open it. So I kind of, like, was waiting to open it. But I have, we have that meeting tomorrow with the entire media team, and I do want to have that solved by that point. So I, I'm also living in singular a little bit. I'm, I have been spending more time developing some of those overlays that Michael and the brand team have designed for, for the starting block as well. I've made progress since last week, in other words, and it, I'm really happy with the way that the, the starting Block is coming together via singular, you know, like, I think it's looking pretty sick. So it's looking good. Did you see the, did you see that? Sorry. Just a quick tangent. You know the songs that Jamie requested or like the title. No, I think I missed that. Was, was that in the brand and media channel? Where was that? Yeah, I believe. I wonder if it was in the starting Block Channel or. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, the ones that Davis shared last week. Ago. It's like I just spent, like, seven minutes. I just spent, like, 10 minutes looking through that website that Jamie sent to look for, to look for songs. It was kind of cool. Yeah. And downloaded a track for. That's one thing I was working on, and I hit a. I hit a roadblock, if you'll recall, we wanted to have sounds associated with all of the overlay animation. So when the lower thirds comes on, they'd be like. Or whatever. Right. But as I started to dig into that last week, it was like, it was not intuitive at all on how to add sounds to that stuff. So I'm. I'm going to revisit that before tomorrow as well. I actually went back to claud this morning and was like, hey, what the is going on with sounds? Like, help me here. So we'll figure it out back together. Just like we're, we're not back together. We have, like, a touch and go relationship. I'm, I'm very, actually went on a mountain bike ride yesterday after work, and I called it anti AI social club. So I'm very much, you know, you're separated. It's complicated. Yeah, it is. It's complicated. I'm okay leveraging it for some things, and I am going to build a claude skill for brand assets. I did put that as part of our OKRs for Q2. So, Sean, if I need help there, I'm going to reach out to you. We do need to leverage it to help automate as much as we can.

### You (2026-04-28T17:28:52.375Z)

Cool.

### Guest (2026-04-28T17:28:57.056Z)

And I think that it can be of help for sure. But what I, what I want to avoid is using it for everything because I think it will erode the. I think it will erode the overall aesthetic in sort of cohesive offering that we have, so. But I could be wrong. I just. I see people create these amazing things with AI, and then every time I go to use it, like, it just ends up being, like, kind of shitty. And so I'm like, I don't know what's real and what's not. Yeah. Sean, did you actually end up listening to the anthropics at the podcast?

### You (2026-04-28T17:29:34.775Z)

No not that one but I did listen to the lead designer at anthropic.

### Guest (2026-04-28T17:29:38.016Z)

Because. They probably covered many similar topics, but one of the things that they, they talked about was actually this exact thing where they, like, are able to feed. The tool all of its, like, design styles and, like, the rules and the design system so that the end up at, like, the end product looks exactly how a designer who works. At, at the Block for the specific, you know, use case. You know, the, how the end result would look like. So. It obviously is like, you know, data in, data out. So, like, you really have to do the upfront work for it to make sense. And. Yeah, absolutely benefits there. But it was. Yeah, it's really powerful. I'm talking about plot design specifically with regards to that or just claud in general because they have that new tool that came out last week, which I need to buy as a license for team. And I'm sorry, I haven't done that yet. They, they were not talking about design tool. They were talking about just regular club code, co-work and desktop app. Yeah. So think, like, the anthropic, apparently themselves are literally just using. Cloud products. And then the ones that I just mentioned and then slack, that's literally all they're using. It's crazy. So what do you think of the implications for product managers or design teams? Like, you know, do you think it's literally 1 p.m. one designer for every company moving forward if we build this outright? Because then it's like see everybody on this call except for, you know, Ed. No, no. Well.

### You (2026-04-28T17:31:24.135Z)

I don't think so because you still need I mean for designer from a design aspect you still need people with taste and you still need people to guide what Caude does like if we were just making the same shit over and over again then yeah it could do that but I mean for example we're working on redesigning currently so we can.

### Guest (2026-04-28T17:31:40.176Z)

Yeah. I feel like, though, it takes a team of four or five and it reduces them to one or two because you like you agree with you. You still need some, you still need one person with taste or maybe two if you're doing sales and product. But, like, you know what I mean? It definitely reduces boots on the ground. I mean, and that's the goal, right? Right. Not for me, but for capitalism. Like, that's the goal. Right. And what it does is sort of, like, eliminate the entry role. Job, like the grunt work that, that is done, because that's all automated. But you, like, trying to saying the vision and the guidance of, like, the actual end result and the experiences that you really. Are trying to build, those are still by people with design. Like, anthropic, like, has is the company that is automating it. Like, it produces code, and they, they have so many engineers. So, like, they still have PMS, they still have designers, they still have Engineers. None of them probably do any, like the. The mundane, like boring and, like, very repetitive work. But they, they probably, like, are a lot more, like, forward looking and a lot more Visionary sort of in the Visionary. We're comparing ourselves to anthropic here, but, like, obviously we have. Ton of, of space between them and us. And, yeah, it's just more than it just becomes about, like, the actual experiences that ux and the features that we want to build. As opposed to just, like, actually putting it together on the figma or whatever. So, yeah. I see the point. I definitely see the point of, like, yeah, it decreases the demand for. Bottom line standpoint, that makes sense. But let's just say we keep all senior sort of positions and entry level positions go away. Just not this company, but sort of as, like, an industry in tech. At some point. You know, this Boomer has to retire and or, or move out. And so I guess you, you keep one or two sort of, like, mid level people around so that they can be, they can gain the experience that they would need in order to be able to sort of drive the ship eventually, because that's the way that people become senior, right, is by gaining experience as juniors. So I know that this is an. Look, I've. I've listened to podcasts about this exact conversation, so I know that there's this discussion is happening. I didn't have that original thought, but I think it is a concern that, like, at some point. Will the market be depleted of, of juniors? And, like, they're just going to be, like, working for free, learning the stuff on their own, waiting for an opportunity to jump into a company when they can, like, actually steer the ship. I don't know. It's like something I'm really happy about. Yeah. For people entering the market is really, really tough. And I think personally, if, like, if I was in their shoes, I would have to be building stuff. Like, that's the bottom line. You, you have to come with your portfolio, whether you're a designer, a VM or engineer, you know, you have to do contextual background and you have the, your kind of specialized expertise or, or knowledge, right, that you had, you gained through education or through internships or whatever. And then, yeah, you just have to show, like, your visionary skills like that for me and Sean. Like, that's the next thing, too. Right. We have to be able to prototype in the future. Because we'll be, we'll be useless as VMs, too, because freaking anti-lock can write tickets. Right. So it's about, like, shaping the ux. And experiences that are, that make more sense for the users of your product. So it's very, it's a very delicate topic, and I'm sure that it's going to be at the Forefront for the next two years. Yeah. I mean, like, this is a good conversation for, look, I'm just being transparent. It is a good conversation for us to all of you having and a good thing for us to all be thinking about. I do think we need to all become experts in this technology and how we can leverage it. And like I said to the team last week, it's just as important to understand what it's limitations are right now. I'm sure there's limitations would become fewer and farther between. But that way we do have more defensible positions, you know? And, you know, if we can leverage it. For what it's good at and then we understand where it sort of stops being good and starts, like, sort of creating slop, even with care, then we'll be able to articulate that to stakeholders and continue to preserve our own sort of, you know, importance in the value that we're bringing. So, yeah, that's, that's 100 true. Yeah. Like, it's not supposed to be used as like, hey, claud design make a homepage we design for, like, what would work well on our, on our homepage. We design CTL like that. That's not the use case that, you know, we should be leading. So tell me, which one of the line on that? And maybe we'll talk about it more on Friday. I don't know. I'm gonna start scheduling a call for Matt's happy hour. Going away party. So, I mean, everybody's nice. So, so maybe we can try about it more then. Awesome. Yeah. Let's do it. Listen to Matt's. Sorry. Listen to Matt's AI pilled bake on how I was going to shape our future. I'm sure he's a big proponent now. I think. No, so Matt coded that website. He said he thinks we're all Matt coded that website. And traditionally, when I've done vqa, Matt, I've been able to go into the code and I've been able to say, like, change this CSS to this, change this CSS to that. But the way that it uses classes, and I'm sure it's like the optimal way if you're designing or building at scale. But the way that your site used CSS classes, I couldn't just say change this to that in the css because the implications, it's all like excel or large or, you know, it's using variables and things like this. So it's not as it doesn't expose the actual sort of, like, parameters like a traditional, you know, CSS would have exposed it or whatever. And so that's why the, the VQA that I wrote for you was a lot more, I guess, like broad or abstract than I typically would have been. So I don't know, because, I mean, obviously you used AI to code that, right? I'm sure so. Yes, sir. Yeah. But anyway, so to recap, I'll, I'll wait for something from you. From you guys on Friday. You can do a show and tell. Me. Java on next week to Jeff. Yeah. And then, yeah, we'll chat about. I was talking Block tomorrow. And absolutely just let me know whenever you want to dive into the article. CTO. That's, that's the stuff I'm really excited about. I know that's where the users are. Yeah, I agree. I, I think that's going to be important to get right. Awesome. All right. Thank you all very much. It was a good conversation. So we know what we're going to work on. All right. See you. Thank you.

