---
granola_id: 65bd5fa7-f9da-415e-b006-90656bca1472
title: "Product + Design Weekly Alignment - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-03-24T17:01:13.747Z
updated: 2026-03-24T18:04:43.339Z
attendees: 
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - melshahat@theblock.co
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
  - jcarusi@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Product + Design Weekly Alignment.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Product + Design Weekly Alignment

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:01:18.520Z)

Hello. How's it going? Not too bad. How are you? Good as well. I've got a little sick over the last week. So just getting over that now. Also, sorry if my Wi-Fi is kind of funky today. But, yeah, just a heads up. Welcome back. Seems fine. Okay. I might actually have to just not share my video for now, just in case. Anyone hear from Josh. How he's doing? Yeah, I think yesterday we had a design meeting call, and he was just saying to us that he has. He's, like, feeling better nowadays. But he. Now that, like, all the. Headache and things are, like, getting better, he's feeling a lot of pain in his. Was it collarbone or something like that? And then he said he's. He has to go in for a scan or something to see if it's actually broken. So I think he's potentially out for the rest of the week, but he might still be kind of intermittently available here and there. Yeah, hopefully makes a recovery. I don't know. Jamie or Michael will join. Maybe we can give another second. Okay. Should we get started? Sounds good. Enough. Should we start with you? What do you. Do you have anything that you want to. Go through? I know we specific one thing that's on my mind was the election. Coverage for the homepage. Thingy. Yeah. So. Yes. I will share my screen now. Sorry, I didn't get a very. Didn't get too much time to work on it yet, but I know that. So I do have a little bit. Based on the description of the ticket that you wrote. So I know we wanted to have it fit in a little bit. More with the homepage and not make it look much like an ad. So I sort of thought of it as. Something that we don't quite have. Most things are just, like, having it, you know, like a white background and fitting in a bit more using our colors with, like, the new blue. And what I have here is. The. The first one that you mentioned. So there, I think you mentioned having, like, three screens, and then you can also, like, hover it to click into the elections hub, but three little. Like, maybe it's animated as well. Can look into that, but three, like, screens that show, like, elections 2026 crypto futures on the ballot here. And then the next be like it's pulsing live and it says politician news, data and predictions. And then maybe it says, like, check your candidates 2026 grade and then. Yeah, this is this potentially is like it blurs out once you hover it. This as the interaction on the very end, and it just says enter the election hub. Yeah, I'm just curious to know whether you think, like, having it white and a lighter color is the right move to help it blend into the homepage a bit more, or you'd like something a little flashier. That stands out a bit more. I think it would stand out a lot in dark mode if we have it. If we have it light, unless we have a dark mode and the light mode. For the component. Because in, like. No, you say you're single with lemon, but if it's on dark mode, this would. This would stand out. Then. It wouldn't have the white background necessarily. It would be like we can. It's just transparent. The. The ad. Yeah. So then, yeah, if we were to do it, we could switch it to, like, white text and then. Yeah, like, essentially just dark mode it. Yeah, I think that should be able to apply to all of the screens. But. Okay. I wonder if I. Yeah, definitely going in the right direction. I wonder if the live golf sound live could be on each of the, like, each of the parts of the gif. Okay. I don't know. I just wanted to sort of. Like. Drag people's attention to it so that it's like, just. It just stands out from the rest of the components that are 300 by 250. Like, I don't know. I don't know if this is the right treatment. There's a different way to. Like. Yeah. Live button that's, like, blinking or some sort of other marking on a component. Makes it look like it's. Something that's actively being done on the website. Like, it's like a. I don't know. It just looks different when the weather I'm visiting a specific app or a web page, like those specific components really stand out. Whether it's, like, with, like, yeah, like on YouTube, if you have a screen, like, they. Those are really attract their attention. I don't know. Yeah. No, I agree with that. I think that. Sorry. We're talking over each other. Oh, sorry. Yeah, I think there's, like, a slight lag. So it, like, it's kind of hard. And, yeah, again, my wife was, like, kind of funky. So, like, it's. Yeah, it's taking forever to even write this little comment. Yeah, I was just going to say I definitely agree with you. Like, when you do have a live linking thing that you tend to see, feel like it's being updated more frequently, and there's a lot more going on. So that's something I can definitely add, maybe look into having it. Either up top or in the corner or something like that. I can experiment with more versions, and then I can also try and make the colors down a bit more. I did previously. I know I don't have it here, but have, like, a. Our Block blue background instead of just plain white or transparent. I just think. Yeah, I will. I will add a couple more options here because I know that we don't want it to look like an ad too much, so there will be, like, a bit of a unique balance there. But, yeah, like, in terms of the little disclaimer, like, it works here. Does that look okay? I don't. I don't think we need to disclaimer there. As long as we. Yeah. Okay, cool. Sounds good. I'll just that then Blends a little bit. Would you mind trying a background color? Oh, just like. Okay. Yeah, it's getting pretty lost for me. Something like. Okay. Like originally. It was kind of. So this is quite bright. Let me just. Show what it could potentially look like. Something like that. If we want a proper color. I actually like that, but also do neutrals. But. Yeah. Yeah. I do think that this. Yeah, definitely pops now. Good try and apply that. Here, too. Okay. Good to know. Let me just go ahead. And do the same for this one. See how that looks. Might end up transitioning color. Maybe we could keep the same blue for them. I'll continue to. Around with it. And see what other options we have. But I do think the blue stands out quite a bit. From everything else. So that would be the way to go. See. Yeah. And then you. You were envisioning sort of like a gif. Like a gif. Basically like. Yeah, the sort of animated or so. So that it. Like, it's not. It's not static. You know, to the one on these versions. Does that make sense? We can move, like, a rotates, basically. Yeah. Oh, what? Sorry. It's a minute rotates so it's not static. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense. So, yeah, I can definitely. Add some motion to it and see. Yeah, I'll get on that as well. Nice. Thank you. Yeah, no worries. I think the other time. Oh, thanks, Claudine. Just look at. Okay, I will look into this. On my own time. And then, yeah, we'll definitely look into that. Thank you, Claudine. Yeah, just the other bits have just been like VQA and stuff like that in terms of what I've been doing on. Product side. A little bit of media stuff. And a little bit of project CTO, but I don't think we're quite there ready to show options yet. Want to get Josh's eyes on it a little bit first. So. But, yeah, that I have been working on project CTO as well, just to keep everybody in the loop. Okay. That's. Yeah, I mean, we can. My updates. Thanks, Irina. Yep.

### You (2026-03-24T17:13:54.414Z)

Caudine, you want to share what you've been working on? Thank you.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:14:03.800Z)

So I've been working on the. The completion screen for the. For the pre-market sponsored course. So I've created. Two versions. With the different. The different solution for the. For the. For the reward, for the pre-market reward. So we are. I took this screenshot just to show you the. The previous state kind of the previous UI. So we are doing our. Our sponsored course. We are doing the. The quiz. And once we finish with the quiz, we will arrive on this screen. So informing us that the third that we earn the certificate, I still need to design a page screen for the. In case we. We don't get the certificate. But this is actually one of my question. Do we get the certificate every time? I mean. If I choose wrong answers. Do. Can. Can I go to the next question or I'm still on the same question and there is feedback helping me to choose the right answer. Yeah, I think it's. Even if you get those questions wrong, you'll be able to, like, retake the quiz, whether it's you can protect the same question right away or whether it's at the end of it, like after, you know, you don't get a specific score. Regardless, you'd be able to, like, basically. You know, review your work and take it again. Okay, so. So I don't need to. To design a screen for. For, like, someone who weren't able to. To get a certificate. No, not right. Not right. Can anticipate. Okay. They don't. They just would quit the variance, I guess. You know. Okay.

### You (2026-03-24T17:16:33.614Z)

I have the test that, well, the test file that David sent us, I could send that to you.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:16:40.040Z)

Yeah. Thank you. So basically, we have. At the top three buttons to share our certificate on ex linkedin out to download it. We have this. Preview of the certificate. And we have this block right here to get our 50 reward. There is a version to just where we get a code, a code that we can copy. And there is another version where it's a link to. To call in our cats. And so if we click on one of those blogs, then we will get this certificate. I mean, like, I think that. The. The load button was not in the ticket, but I choose to add it because it can be useful. So if I click here, I will get. I will download this. This image. And if I click on sharon x or share on linkedin, this image will be shared. Not exactly sure regarding, like, the. The branding, the design. I wanted to. To share it with. With Michael. And. And Jamie. But I think they are not here. So I will share this. This image with them on slack later. But I. I actually reused the background from the. From the. The pre-market image I made for the. For, you know, the. The little modules right here. And I've put those informations. I think these were not specified in the ticket, if I'm not mistaken. But I think it looks. It looks more like a certificate that way. So. Yeah. Open to any feedback.

### You (2026-03-24T17:19:04.974Z)

I mean, I personally, I like the background, the pollen market background and everything like that. I'm not sure if, well, for the future implementation of different sponsored courses, I don't know, I assume that we're going to have different types of backgrounds, but it doesn't seem like it would be that big of a lift. Can you go back to the other page real quick?

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:19:28.520Z)

Yep.

### You (2026-03-24T17:19:31.374Z)

So I do like, I like that you're matching the learn page theme, but to me, I don't know if anybody else feels this way. It kind of feels off. Just, I don't know, against the campus, my campus background. That you've earned $50 in credits from poly market. Does anybody else feel that way or is that, is that just me?

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:19:58.200Z)

It's hang out. It loses the stylistic.

### You (2026-03-24T17:20:01.774Z)

Yeah, it just.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:20:02.520Z)

Stylistic campus.

### You (2026-03-24T17:20:03.694Z)

Yeah. Because like that, yeah, that's like, that was very much the learn page on dot co. But this is kind of just like a, like a, it's back to campus. So it just feels like it's slightly off.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:20:18.520Z)

One.

### You (2026-03-24T17:20:18.734Z)

Yeah, yes, yeah, yeah.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:20:19.320Z)

Right? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted actually to. To have something more. To. To add more contrast, you know, in a way, because I fear that people might miss this, this reward. So I wanted to have a big contrasting block. So that's why I. It's a bit different from. From the rest of campus. But, yeah, I understand. I can. I can design something that feels more. Consistent with the. With the rest of the product.

### You (2026-03-24T17:21:05.294Z)

Thank you. Yeah, if you could just mess around with just a few different ones just to compare and contrast the, the colors and like how it actually works with the campus background. That'd be great. Thank you.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:21:17.480Z)

You use that the menu green you have to the left. It would still pop. Do you mind trying that? Okay. Okay. Something like that. I think it looks pretty good. I think it's all pop straight. What do you guys think? Yeah, yeah, that's not new, actually. Looks really good. One thing I had about the actual code and then the CTA. The pie market. So if you go back one step. This code technically would be highlightable. Cursor highlighting. And the CTA would not appear then. Like, if you, you know, highlight over code and XXXX and you put, you know, press command C. The CTA would not appear. It probably would only appear if you press copy code and then the CTA to polymorph it would appear. So I don't love that user Journey. Wait. And then a bit confused. Those are two separate experiences, Ed. When. When would you get your claim. So we don't know how they're giving us the claim, whether it's a link or a code. So she did two. Oh, I thought that they. Oh, okay. I thought that that was. No, this is codes or if they give us links. So two these independent, but ed does make a good point on this screen. We should have, like, a little footnote, like, you know, redeem your code here. Okay. Okay. Should we have the disclaimers here as well? Matt? I don't know. Like, because we're sort of similar flow from people, you know, that go on the market, which is the poly market. This is also. Like an experience about pie market, and then they get sent to high market. Yeah, it's probably a good idea. Yeah. It's the same. Disclaimer. I can forward that to your quad. In. Okay. Thank you. And then on their certificate. Do you mind maybe trying a version where it's like the actual campus style certificate? Yep. On the certificate, I wanted to ask this, too. Sorry. Hey, what's up, everybody? Share on LinkedIn. I think that that could be. I could be wrong. I don't understand crypto Twitter that well or Twitter in general. I know we want to allow them to do this. I guess. Sorry, guys. I guess I know we want to allow them to do this. I just can't imagine a world where somebody is. Is wanting to share that thing. Do you all. Do you all imagine that world as a thing? Like, are people going to want to share this? On LinkedIn specifically or on X? I think on LinkedIn, maybe a little badge that says, like, I'm strategic. I'm. I'm. I'm certified in prediction markets via poly market. Like, I think that makes sense. Never mind. I'm. I should just shut up. I feel like it's just super weird for somebody to want to share this thing on their social network, but maybe I'm out of touch. I think on X, it's not that weird. I haven't seen many people share on LinkedIn, so maybe the badge idea is a good one.

### You (2026-03-24T17:25:06.254Z)

Yeah. The badge idea, initially, the, the whole idea, I added the linkedin aspect because we kind of wanted to link this to job boards. And, you know, hiring for crypto and stuff like that and kind of link to poly market to potentially get hired by poly market. So that was why I told us in LinkedIn. But I do, I do hear what you're saying bad just makes. That just makes more sense probably because that's whenever you take any sort of certification on LinkedIn, that's what you get.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:25:37.160Z)

That's what I was thinking. So I did that. And thank you for, like, sort of valid, you know, helping develop, trying to help to validate. I. Went over on past the DAE 101 course, I got a badge through campus, and I actually shared that to my profile. I think that, like, you know, I thought that was cool. I'm just. I'm struggling to see this getting shared, but whatever. I guess it's good to have. It's good to give to, to them. Not because of the design, Claudia. And I think the design is totally good. Yeah. Yeah. So here's my. I'm looking at my license now. It says digital asset Essentials issued by the block. And it's all very. It's all very, like, sort of LinkedIn official. I don't know. You guys probably have that stuff on yours as well. They're like specific certificates where you just get, like. Can I share my screen really quickly, Claudine? Yeah. Sure. Sorry, everybody. This is just. Look, I don't know if this is even important or not. Where the was that? Oh, okay. Here. So. Here you go down through my page, right? And I know you guys have all seen this, but what I wanted to point out was, like, all it would require would be some sort of, like, probably like a poly market logo. Basically, for this. Right. And then I think this might be optional. I'm not really sure about this. But then we would maybe host the thing that Claudine has designed, like, somewhere, like when a, like, Sho credential, it would take them to the thing that Claudine designed this. We would host it or whatever, I guess. Right. Like on. On one of our pages. Things expire, Josh. Yeah, certainly probably not certified, but you're right. It is expired. But, yeah, like a poly market campus sort of co-branded maybe something. Or maybe it's just poly market. Anyway. Anyway, I don't know.

### You (2026-03-24T17:27:36.094Z)

And. Now. We're. Starting to. Come up for air.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:27:39.480Z)

So the. The share. Share on LinkedIn would be like a post. You share that image as a post on. On LinkedIn. I think that when you, when you get a credential on LinkedIn, it. There's like a. There's like a standardized LinkedIn format for that. So, like, you know, if we. If we basically say this can be a LinkedIn badge or a LinkedIn accreditation from. From poly market in the block or whatever, we can create that through the LinkedIn framework. And then they have a standard post type that has their little cartoon drawings. It's like, hey, I just earned a new certification or whatever, you know what I mean? It's, like, all pretty standardized. I think. I don't know.

### You (2026-03-24T17:28:21.454Z)

I'm looking at it. No, I'm looking at it now. It looks like you need like a credential ID. I don't know if it's going to come through. But yeah, it seems to be like a whole process.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:28:40.680Z)

Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's it. Exactly. Yeah, that's not. That's not tough. The credential ID is just like a number we provide and then they append it to the URL. So, Josh, we can share your example again. You can see how kind of straightforward it is. Yeah. Okay. So is it. Is it literally just like a random number that we generate called ID or something? Yeah. So that links to, like, that's just the ID certificates. If you click that. Number should be in the URL. Oh, yeah, it is.

### You (2026-03-24T17:29:14.014Z)

Okay.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:29:15.240Z)

Here. So it's like. It's like our own system, basically. Like, it seems like we could. You could create literally a certification for anything that you want and just put it on your LinkedIn profile right now. Like, you know. Like Sean's an amazing helicopter pilot and certified by. Yeah. As long as you have on LinkedIn. Right, right. Oh, okay. Gotcha. Wonder how hard that is, but. Okay, cool. All right. Cool. Sorry, everyone trying to figure out how to stop. So for me, for some reason, this feels that felt more like something I would do, but that's anecdotal than. Than, like, trying to flex on Twitter that I got certified. You know, in prediction markets or whatever. But maybe that's something people will do. That's something at least, like, some of the big names that poly market will share. And if we have, like, people will take it. Okay. Cool. I need to drop, guys. Thank you. Thanks, buddy.

### You (2026-03-24T17:30:16.574Z)

Thank you.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:30:24.040Z)

That would basically Mark the end of their experience with the sponsor course. Right? Yeah. And then you have a CTA there that says go back to my campus. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Go to my campus. Yeah. This looks really good, Claudine, by the way. I think this. This, like, just the whole thing. You've done a good job of kind of blending the worlds between co. And. And campus, like to Sean's point earlier. And I actually do like the recommendation to sort of get more towards the green color palette, I think, for that additional element. So I think that was all good stuff, guys. Everybody, thank you all.

### You (2026-03-24T17:30:53.374Z)

I agree.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:31:13.800Z)

Anything else we would like to talk about? Sorry, I'm just kind of catching up on everything. And thanks for, you know, still obviously proceeding with everything without me for the last week. On project CTO. Have we discussed that as a product and design team in the last few days or minutes or weeks? No, Serena just mentioned that she would like to show you stuff first before. So cool. Yeah, we can just. I can schedule a call later on if you'd like, or. Or we can postpone until next Tuesday and whatever. Whatever works best for you guys. I'm down. So what we could do is. Unless Serena, it's totally cool if you have to jump. I got nothing else going on all day so I can hang out if you want and we can look at it now. But feel free to jump if you have other things you need to do. And then we can schedule that call for this week and keep that ball rolling if you want. Okay. I mean, I'm. I can stick around as well. Take a look. Okay, cool. Thank you all. I mean, you know, it's up to you, Serena. I don't have. I was gonna say, let me just double check something. I don't have crazy update from basically, like, the last time we showed or we talked about it. No worries. Yeah. Just because. Can you remind me, though? Like, has Ed seen any of that or Sean seen any of that? No, no, not yet. So I wasn't sure if I should because, like, okay, I'll show. I'll share my screen now because there's a lot, if you remember. I don't. Sorry. Okay. It's funny. Just because we were out, I think all three of us were out last week for if most of last week, if not all of it. So cool. Yeah. So I literally missed nothing. That's insane. I feel like I was dead for a year and a half. This is amazing. Okay. Cool. Yeah. Because, yeah, missing you guys, honestly, like, you were out, and then I think. Yeah, Caudy had the week off, and then I was off for, like, three days as well, so I think that we were just, like, short product design for a couple days, and I didn't do a whole lot of progress since our last meeting, but I can quickly show ed and Sean here just like where, like, at least for me, my designs at Dean wants to jump in as well to show hers at any point, because I think you have some really great ideas as well. But originally, just to jog your mind, it's already coming back to me. I haven't seen this at the 30,000 foot view. Yeah. I remember some of the things that we talked about now and what we liked and what we didn't like. But, yeah, let's. Let's. Let's take a look if you want. This is. Amazing that you did even all of this work already. Yeah, I think. Yeah, I can quickly walk through it just to show Sean and where our heads are at. I know we talked about, like, you know, implementing mobile first. So this is why, like, claudine and I had, you know, kind of started with the views of, like, mobile first and seeing how that would look and then transitioning into desktop. And then, and I also, like, took a look. We took look together as a team at your heat maps that you provided and some, some of the analytics that you provide it as well and kind of looked at what we could pick and choose to be, like, most important for some of these elements. So anyways, I won't get too, but some of the early ideas or Concepts here that I have personally is like, you know, I have, like, a basic one here on the left where we have, like, a featured story. I did have an idea to put, like, the sponsored post in something that looked a little less ad potentially. Like, it just looks like it's one of the sections, and it's like, you know, we have our. Typical stories right now that are not the featured ones with a thumbnail on the left and the titles experimented with no thumbnails just to see how that would look and the different, like, sizes for research reports and things like that also looked into. This is one that Josh liked and was curious to see, like, a further iteration of as well, which is like horizontal carousel where you might, like, scroll through the different thumbnails horizontally, and the title would change as you do that. So that's more of, like, an interactive version, which is kind of like the same idea for, like, these ones as well, just, like, threw in. Basically, these are all meant to be heroes, but they're just, like, scattered in one sort of, like, frame here because I want to make too many. But. Yeah. Like cards or, like, vertical as well. Yeah, just experimenting with those. Different layouts. Just like small tweaks here and there. One of the main ones was just actually having the idea of, like, tabs, as you can see with the three here. I have, like, a main featured story up top. And then Josh also had a great idea to try and implement, like, a story type type of feature. Thing up top, which needs to be fleshed out a bit more. But having the ability to just filter through the different categories of crypto news from the homepage could be interesting just because, like, according to your heat maps here, obviously, like, it's a very popular. CTA that people click on, like latest crypto news as well. And also, like, again, more crypto news. So I thought it might be interesting to bring it to the homepage so that people didn't have to cling to that. So there's a version for that. The idea is like, this is fixed on the left, and then you can scroll through the top stories so they're featured. And it's not like at some endless scroll thing, but here you can see, like, the non thumbnail version of it, just, like, purely text. But the idea here in these two screens is that instead of seeing, you know, like scrolling all the way down because we have so many right now, we on the current site, we have so many different seconds, and I'm not sure people are getting all the way to the bottom for any reason. Really. So the idea here is, like, you can flip through the different tabs so that you don't scroll as much so you can see all the different features. Like reflavors the homepage and all that. I wonder if you could cook that. I think we talked about that, right? Like, so, like, if somebody comes and they always go to prices first, then eventually maybe that becomes their default view, like on the homepage, you know, so when you think about sort of creating those individualized experiences without having, like, authentication, like leveraging cookies and so you're sort of re flavoring of the homepage will allow would allow us potentially to do that if we, if we think that's a good idea. Yeah, that looked very interesting to me. Is that the thumbnail? What is that thing on the left? Yeah. Isn't that crazy? Look at. So that's another thing that she decided to do. I love it. I forgot that you did this. But, like, see the horizontal strip and then the vertical strip. She's basically reduced the thumbnail, like. Like masked it out except for a little strip, which I've never seen, I don't think any other, like media publisher really do. And that's a really interesting idea, in my opinion. But what? So if for our picture is. Like poly market and then you just EP, we have to design a system with Michael and Jamie that would create, like, somewhat of a pseudo safe area, depending on what our UI is going to sort of accommodate. Yeah. So there has to be some sort of a compromise between brand and, and product to make that work. But it's unique ownable thing. Right. I just didn't know if that was like how to think about that thing. That makes sense. Okay. Yeah, this looks, this looks interesting for sure. Yeah, it's totally. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was just gonna say that, like, I think this is just completely experimental, by the way. Like, you know, nobody has to like it. It was sort of like to see. K a bit of inspiration from our social templates. I don't know if you, Ed and Sean have. Seen art, like a thumbnail, and it kind of, like, creates a bit more visual interest in that way for, I believe it was Instagram post. Yes. Are you in Vancouver or are you at home, Serena? Yeah, I'm in Vancouver. I don't remember Wi-Fi is kind of funky, though. I was gonna say, yeah, yeah. Your Wi-Fi seems to be giving you issues. You should move to Arkansas. Yeah, that's why I don't have that video on. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Stay away from the bike trails. Noted. Okay. Yeah, I was just gonna say, like, we, for social templates, we have this format where we kind of obscure the image, the thumbnail a bit. So I thought that was interesting to borrow from. And also. They're saying that we noticed going through the heat maps was that most people click and tap on just the title itself instead of the thumbnail. So I thought, like, maybe there's some sort of disconnect between, like, the thumbnail edge itself and the. And the title where people don't actually think it's. Like, interactive in a way or something like that. So I just. Yeah. Was like maybe we can experiment with that and see if, you know, like, it just is there. Is there another way to bring it all together that looks more cohesive? If it doesn't? At the moment? It's like by, by using less thumbnail, you, you can take up the same amount of space and get maybe larger text in there or like a sub block of text. So you can, like, contextualize the story even more. And it's, like, super ownable. I think this is a really cool idea that we should. We should push on. Personally. I like what you did. I wanted to say the same thing about if you go back to that heat map, then you're just, you're refreshing my memory with all this. I'm, like, kind of seeing it again and remembering. Yes. Serena had pointed out that, like. Nobody clicks on the sponsored post. And, you know, hypothesis is that it looks like a big dumb ad. She's probably right. And then the second one, the research. Nobody clicks on that research report, really. They click on the one below it because it's our year end outlook. Everybody reads, you know, everybody who gives a reason. It's not the outlook. Oh, I thought number two was the outlook. That those are both the ad, both of those hot spots. Yeah, that was the old ad and the new out of thing. That's why they're so, like, two different ones. Got it. So, okay, then that actually even, I guess, reinforces that point more. In Serena's designs. She's leveraging. We're already producing those, like, cover images for research reports that are more portrait than they are landscape. And so she. She kind of puts them there. They look like little magazines, like on a shelf, right? It's like more enticing. Like, I want to pick that up and read it. More than I want to read and everything else looks like an ad. So this is a good way to, like, differentiate research from news. And I think that was a smart decision as well. I have a comment that I. Not. That just sort of occurred to me and feel free to completely disregard it. Only I'm dumb. Since we're working on the Block iOS app. Obviously, like, it has this sort of inherent design there. I don't know if it's like, if it's aesthetically. Or good are our website feel like the app. Yeah, basically that's what I'm leading to. Like the mobile version. You know, mobile version of our dot go and the app. Maybe it would have some similarities. Now, obviously, we don't want to design, like, redesign our web or article page and homepage to cater to the app. But, like, I was just. I just thought about it. I was like, I don't know what that would look like. I think it's a good question, but I would actually probably. As a designer, you know, theoretically, that's what I do. I would suggest that we use the website to try to. Yeah. Optimize, like, what we think is, is maybe the best ux and sort of, like, be agile on the website and then maybe propagate that towards the app eventually, because I think the app is largely AI designed, you know, in using very, very sort of, like, common iOS standards. Like, you know, Matt's using SF San Francisco, the font and everything. Like, it feels very much like apple designed this app, but not in, like. Like a flagship way. Just kind of like every app kind of way. Yeah, I think it's a good thought. Like, one should probably influence the other, but I would prefer it to go the other way. Makes sense. Yeah. Now, this, this looks so promising. I I really like the research catalogs that they look really nice. Yeah. Michael's and whoever, you know, and whoever else designs them into their work. Yeah. Yeah. I was just saying, like, once you click into the research tab, it. It always looks so beautiful. And I thought, like, maybe we could try and bring that into the homepage as well. Yeah, these are just like obviously very, very early versions. And I think, like, the idea of borrowing from and just, like, looking at the app that we have as well is, is a, like, I think that is something that's worth doing because I do think that it condenses the content that we have on our website quite well. Obviously, like on the website, there's more things that we need to account for. So I think it is just about, like, picking and choosing what to borrow and what makes sense, because I do see a lot of websites leaning towards looking like apps. Nowadays when you're on your mobile phone. So I think that, like, if we want to make it look, you know, quite seamless and cohesive between the website and the app, then we'll probably want to strike it like a balance in between. So, yeah, definitely will be looking at those screens as well. I'd be curious to see what these. So the last two options that you have with those little, like. Drawers. Yeah, whatever. Got you. No, I misunderstood what you're going. I got you. I got you. Yeah. Yeah. I would like to see what those could look like for different areas. Like depression on prices. Or data. Like, I'm just curious. I'm naturally curious now. So that probably means that I kind of lean towards this design. Because I think it would be cool. To have everything sort of surface and not have the whole page reload. But, like, if you just right toggle through, you can see sort of like many different things. So let me play something out for you. If I click to media, and this is probably not the best example, but if I clicked media, then down below, it could talk about podcasts, it could talk about the YouTube page. It could talk about, obviously different offerings that we have there. Right. Like, so on the left where it says all bitcoin companies, maybe that says, like big brain podcast, crypto beat white papers, whatever. Okay, gotcha. Gotcha. So that, like, the, the, the, the, the system up top directly informs that system below. Right. And, and the internal. Because correct me if I'm wrong, the privacy debate, that's like, it went forth by the news because that's the future story for the news. Right, right. I defeat the hero and change, too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. That, that is pretty cool. And then you also have the news data and ratings also underneath. Like, is that sort of like a liquid glass thing? That looks like. Yeah. So, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. I actually found the header. Yeah. The idea actually was I was testing this out on mobile, and this is kind of where I would hit at the bottom of the screen. But the idea was that I know that, like we, during our product design meeting, we talked about. The navigation. We're like, okay, do we have to keep the news data and ratings there? Because, like, visually speaking, it's not. Like the most pleasing to the eye. But I know, like, again, on the heat maps, they are huge, like, very popular. Areas that people like to click into or tap into. So I was rethinking it a little bit and wondering whether or not we would, like, sometimes I've seen websites sort of take on that bottom tab system, like, almost like if you think about, you know, instagram or whatever, they have the tabs at the bottom that you can. Click and or, like, tap and then you can switch, you know, like news data and ratings, whatever it is. And just access it from there instead. So I was just kind of experimenting with that. And having. That there instead up top. So, yeah, I was just a little experiment there to see how it would look. Yeah, I like it. Yeah, I think I like the direction that we're going in. This is, this is pretty cool. I just wish we didn't have the lmax thing up top. It looks so ugly. It just breaks everything. So annoying. Yeah. It's not beautiful. Yeah, there's a lot. There's a lot of good things to like here. And I think it's funny that, like, we were like, we, we limited the scope of this project to, like, the homepage. We're like, okay, let's reass on the homepage, and then, you know, we'll do, like, an article page and they'll do some data. And Serena is like, well, if we can't redesign the whole site, then I'll just bring the whole site to the home page. How about that? We'll just make the homepage, like, literally the entire website. But, yeah, I know that you're not doing it. We kind of do that naturally by just sort of, like, having a very, very long homepage where nobody, presumably really scrolls and clicks. But that's a good that, that just reminded me. I did want to ask Ed in those heat maps that Sarena keeps referencing. They stop, like, above the fold. I wonder if that's because there's really just no activity below either one of these sections or if that's just literally where the screenshot got cut off. No, that's, I couldn't take. A massive screenshot because it's a clarity. Microsoft Clarity app. So I, like, as I scroll these, the, some of these red dots travel because they are sticky, like the sticky footer, for example. And the top, top nav bar stays, but others, others, like, you know, as you're scrolling. But, but the, there, there are statistics on scroll depths, and it's pretty bad. Both for, for best stuff and for, I guess. Yeah. The question would be like, are there any modules below the fold that are performing particularly well, or particularly poorly, I guess. So, like, think about the. We move the indices module down. We have the prices module. We have the media module, and then we have some, like, recirculation for learn and bullshitted recirculation for categories that feels like, you know, the one off the top of my head that I could tell you is that data does well because we have a data section. Okay. Data presence. So. People are looking for that. I can, I can definitely, like, provide screenshots. It's all relative. So, like, the fact that you have the top of the phone, they're all red dots. As you scroll down, it all becomes green, green. And just, like, very, very small. Like, that's okay, then. I don't, you don't, don't, don't waste your time providing that. I think that Serena is sort of, like, starting to. Yeah. You know, shine a light on another option. Yeah. You can make inferences, though, like pretty, pretty much educated guesses is what you've expected to see. But the data that data section, that one gets a few clicks for sure. Okay, cool. Good to know. Yeah, that's good. So everything else is mostly kind of open game for, like, and once you're. Once you're halfway past the past the scroll. It's like, it's. Yeah, it just falls off a cliff. Yeah. Right, right. So, like, you know, I mean, imagine your own you, your own use. Like, we're also programmed by instagram and reels these days or tick tock or whatever. Like when you get to that media section on this homepage, there's nothing about that that's, like, gonna get me to click, dude. The only way you're going to get me to click is like, there's a video already playing, and within, like, three seconds, something somehow caught my, my attention. So, yeah, just be smarter with the way that we introduce some of this content. It sounds like we kind of know what's more sacred than. Than not. And we can sort of play around that stuff. Yeah. So, you know, if you, if you want, if you have any specific, like, questions for mobile or for tablet or for desktop, let me know. I can, like, provide you a specific screenshots. It's just, like, so much information here that it's sometimes hard to communicate at all. Yeah, it's just great. Dude. And thank you, Serena, for sort of, like, showing me all this again and walking me through it. It makes me feel more connected, for sure. This is helpful. Yeah. Like, obviously, yeah, there's been. A lot of versions here and stuff like that, so, yeah, I like, obviously, there's a lot of things that. Will take time to remember for you as well. So, yeah. Just hopefully taking it slow. Like, one thing I want to do with, you know, going through things. So, yeah. So that little peak, too. Like, look at the one that your mouse is on. No, sorry, the one to the left from where your mouse is, how you have that horizontal peak. Imagine an interaction where that window, and you probably already thought of this. I'm just an idiot. But, like, that window creates, like, a parallax effect for an image behind it even. So, like, while we do have a safe area and we work with Michael and Jamie, so to establish that, there could be, like, a really cool sort of scroll animation, if you will, on that, on that window. You know, I think you know what I'm saying, like a parallax effect within that window, kind of. I think that could be potentially pretty cool.

### You (2026-03-24T17:56:30.574Z)

Yeah.

### Guest (2026-03-24T17:56:32.040Z)

Would you like me to set up a call next week to, to talk more? CTO? Yeah, yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. I actually wanna. Is this a document that we all have access to, Serena? Because I think I want to get in here and, you know, steal some of your ideas. Oh, sure. I took it out of the. Whichever one I was working on. I think it was the homepage.co homepage. File, but I can share this one if we want to start working in here. Oh, I did actually. Oh, yes, I forgot that I did send this a couple. Okay, cool, cool, cool. Yeah. So we do have it. Cool. Gotcha. Yeah, I think. Maybe play around with some of this myself and kind of pick and choose what. What you've done here. I'm not gonna probably reinvent anything that you've already invented. I just want to kind of, like, potentially get in there and get my hands dirty a little. Yeah. I will say anything. Thank you. I will say also the footer people, like, I think, like the talk about specific, like, habits that users have. The footer also is a thing that people just scroll to, like, if they're not, like, slowly scrolling, they can't find what they want. They footer. So there's, there's quite definitely a few clicks there. Maybe some people prefer, like, this sort of manual, you know, instead of headers and hamburgers, whatever. They use it as, like, a table of contents. Exactly. Yeah, there's not, it's not a ton, but it's definitely more than the, the scrollable area above it, you know? Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's good insight, Ed. And, and. This area with the search and the hamburger looks like it does get some action as well. Would you say, like. I guess, like, yeah, with the footer being one of the main reference points for people to click into and the hamburger being available, like, which would you say, like, they're both equally as important, or is it, like, seeming. Like. The footer and the, the search and the hamburger? No, like the hamburger menu and then the footer. Because I think that there's some overlap in terms of the links. But they are a little bit different. Yeah, it's redundant information at hamburger and footer, but definitely, definitely hamburgers a lot. Like, it's more present what people press it. And search and search, send for search. Like, a lot of people try to search for stuff. And unfortunately, our search just sucks. So would love to fix that. But, yeah, I was just saying that, like, yeah, people can't find something. Like, obviously, some people are looking for jobs where they teleport to the careers page through there. But there's some people that look for newsletters news about us or, like, socialists. A lot of people find our socials this way, too. So some of those links are redundancy. Some of them are not. But, yeah, people do make their way to the footer sometimes. Okay. Gotcha. If we, if we want to redesign the footer for any reason, Serena, I'd say, you know, you feel free to try. I think we have redesigned it in files, and I think that it just never was implemented. But, you know, but that, that said, I think. You know, keep in mind some of that's got to be for SEO, too, like that I'm seeing bitcoin ETF tracker, ethereum ETF tracker. Like, those are probably SEO plays or some, I would imagine. I don't know. Yeah, it was just 30th pages when they were launched. Yeah. Gotcha. Yeah. Okay. If we have to definitely, like, see that whole thing up and, like, ratings, for example, are missing from that content. How are the ratings pages doing, by the way? Okay. Like, as you can see from the heat map on mobile, nobody's pressing on that. So there's no, like, organically. Yeah, it's just, it's all just like Google searches, basically, that I think land there and also about, like, the recirculations. Because people do click on those sometimes. So some, so they basically, like, once they get published, they, like, the new ones, they do really well with, like, just organic traffic to them. But then, like, sort of falls down, like, falls off cliff once it's not relevant anymore. As much. So it's interesting. I haven't really, like, like, followed it back closely, but it's not a dead page. Like, our learn and people pages do a lot worse than that. Got it. So, but, but it sounds like if we were going to prioritize three, you know, if we were to adopt. Okay, just real quickly, last thing I'll say. Serena began to explore that liquid glass tabbed bar concept, which is super common in apps. That doesn't limit us to three options. We could actually get five options, whereas the header approach that we implement today does limit us to three options because it has to share the space with the hamburger menu, the search icon and some sort of branding. So because of that, we're limited to those three options. Data and prices are off limits. Those are two high value traffic driving pages, but ratings is one, if you'll recall, I think we used to have learn there that that third spot seems to be like a little bit of a hot seat. But if I guess I'm just kind of asking questions or trying to provoke some, some discussion real quickly around that maybe reframing it as Serena has, maybe like looking at that tab bar again, but people are going to be like, well, we have the floating ad on the mobile site that, that's sticky, that's so popular. But Serena has introduced a new ad unit above the fold per the requirements. So there's going to be like pushing and pulling. Right. So like what I'm getting at is. If we, if we wanted to get more elements in view, we could leverage the tab bar that she introduced that has implications for the sticky footer. But she kind of fixed those implications or addressed them with a new ad above the fold. But if we want to be real greedy, we'd have the sticky footer and the ad. But now you're starting to, like, kind of overload the user with ads. So, like, there's a lot of sort of, like, things to consider here, I guess. Yeah. Is what I follow what you're saying, and we'll have to do some prioritization. In terms of what we want to surface. But, yeah, let's, let's continue. To also need to focus on something to explore. And I'm sure that Matt would like to see this as well. So I'll schedule a call next week, maybe. Maybe, maybe Wednesday next week. I don't know. What's next? Yeah, let's do Wednesday next week and we can give you all some maybe, like, sneak previews at this call on Tuesday or, like, some updates so we can ask questions and then maybe Wednesday of next week. So a week from tomorrow, Serena and myself and, and Claudine, if she's available, could have some, some additional, you know, basically, I'm just going to steal from Serena. So it's cool.

### You (2026-03-24T18:04:18.654Z)

So it sounds like you'll be set.

### Guest (2026-03-24T18:04:21.960Z)

Legal test. Right, right. Thanks, team. Thank you all. I appreciate it. Thank you, Serena. Serena, do you want to hang out for just five minutes real quickly and catch up?

### You (2026-03-24T18:04:25.534Z)

For. Things. That are.

### Guest (2026-03-24T18:04:33.320Z)

Yeah, sure. Okay. I know. I promise you won't keep you long.

### You (2026-03-24T18:04:36.814Z)

Thank you guys.

### Guest (2026-03-24T18:04:37.800Z)

Yeah. Yeah. No worries. Thanks all. Thank you.

