---
granola_id: 368d5fd8-38ab-4132-a4b9-15d1907fe543
title: "Product + Design Weekly Alignment - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-14T17:00:31.595Z
updated: 2026-04-14T17:15:33.697Z
attendees: 
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - melshahat@theblock.co
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
  - jcarusi@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Product + Design Weekly Alignment.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Product + Design Weekly Alignment

### You (2026-04-14T17:01:26.366Z)

Hello. Sir.

### Guest (2026-04-14T17:01:31.006Z)

Product is more punctual than design. That is. Creative. What are you doing? We're probably all just bugging stoned and hung over.

### You (2026-04-14T17:01:45.966Z)

Classic artists.

### Guest (2026-04-14T17:01:47.886Z)

Yeah, exactly. So Jamie's gonna not gonna be here. She's working with zean on business one on some of her animated transitions for the starting block, but she wants to relay. She and I just met. And I have the latest elections hub video that kelvin shot wearing his cool bucket hat. Thank you, Ed, for sending it over a few weeks ago. And sorry that I'm just getting this now. And so what I'm doing is I'm listening to the video. I'm listening to the script. And I am extracting some of your designs, Serena, and putting them into a separate page within the elections hub document that I believe will be good supplemental imagery to cut to whenever he says certain things, and we can discuss this tomorrow. But I. What I don't want to do is go through and replace all of the content with realistic content. So, for example, in the video, we can talk about this tomorrow, but just in the video, kelvin says something like so that you can get all of your political coverage around the midterms in one place. I don't want to have to grab our newsfeed that Serena designed for that page. And fabricate nine different stories that are realistic around the 2026 election. So this is what we. And same thing she talks about. See where your candidate stand on all of the policies and where it's how I don't. I don't want to have to replace all of this with realistic crypto 2026 content. What's up, Ed? Do you want to use the dev box instead? All those should be. Realistic. Yeah. If you can, if you send me the dev box and you. And it has all realistic, that'd be amazing. Then I'll just screenshot it. And because we're not doing any crazy animations, it's literally just going to be like the things, you know, animates in. It won't be, like, growing and doing anything cool. Yeah. Yeah. I think I just need to select the feature story that we want because that will be front face and center. Yeah, but, yeah. The category is already in there. Live. Dick, dude. Oh, I gotta be on. Hold on. I'm not on the VPN. Yeah, I set a reminder for myself to take a look at the WordPress part of that. And. I'll delete these ads from the screenshots, no problem. This is great, dude. Thank you. I'll have that ready to go for tomorrow's call. I'm also working in singular still trying to figure out the animations and where the limitations are. And then I'm building ads for the app. As well. Right now, Matt. Gareth said that he thought we. We had everything we needed. But then when he consulted with Cody, they decided that they need some actual ad formats for socials. So I'm putting those together. Cool. Our conversation leadership. We're going to delay at least, like, another week. So. No, like. All right. Yeah. So maybe I'll. I'll pivot and focus on some of the other media team leads then for the moment. As you all are aware, Caudine and Serena are both heads down. Charging forward. On project CTO. They've done some really amazing explorations. Everyone was there yesterday. I don't need to. Rehash all of that. I'm excited about the directions that both of those explorations are taking. Michael's not going to make it to this call either, but he's been supporting largely pim. So GMCI is going belly up. They are no longer going to be a thing. And Tim is trying to sell our indices product, which Matt, I don't know if you're aware of this. He's trying to sell it to CF benchmarks. So essentially rebranding GM 30 to cfb. 30, you know, across the border or whatever. So Michael put together a deck for that proposal. And if that goes through, then that would require some product work. I don't know. Did you invest in the company? I'm not sure how that worked, you know, but lost than I usually do in the crypto market. Yeah. So there you go. But, yeah, I guess gmci is not going to be. Not going to be a thing moving forward. So as far as I know, that's everything that. The team is working on right now, but fill me in if I'm. If I'm overlooking something or forgetting about anything. Otherwise we can take time back. I was going to bring up. Well, I just wanted to ask about singular because nicola and I met and Nicola had spent some time looking through the, like, data feed lens of it. And that's why I, like, sent you that text about the templates. I just wanted to ask you if you have been looking at those because those seem to be super, like, helpful. But I don't know if, like, it's applicable to specific design. That we have. No, I I think it will be. You were the one who created one of those templates, right? Because Jordan reached out to me last week. You didn't build the template, but you brought it into our workspace, right? Yeah. Jordan was like, where the did this come from? This is sweet. And I didn't know either, but you gave me context. I was like, oh, that. That was probably Ed. He looked into something. No, what I met with davis this morning, and I haven't looked at that stuff yet. I did. I did look at what the template layout looks like. I do know what you're talking about, but I didn't spend any time beyond just looking at it. I met with davis this morning, and. And he said, we don't need this for. For immediate rollout, but his. What he wants me to sort of try to figure out and understand is if. If we have a show that's, you know, we're gonna five days a week, we're going to be doing live shows. So all of these assets that are in singular will need to be updated five days a week, like lower thirds will need to be updated of the guests, their. Their titles, their companies, Etc. Is there a way that we can create a spreadsheet like a Google doc or Google sheet where it has, like, you know, Monday guest name, guest title, guest company Tuesday, Etc. Etc. And then we can pull the data from that spreadsheet and have it automatically sort of link to the lower thirds so that all of that stuff populates automatically. And we're not like, you know, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday going to the spreadsheet, copying the name, going back to singular, replacing it, going, copying the title, going back to singular, replacing it five days a week. So that's what I need to figure out today. Or one of the things that I'm sort of been asked to figure out, I should say, is there a way to dynamically populate the assets within singular? So I don't think nikola looked into that, though, did he? To your knowledge? He was looking into the. Like, the data feed. So, for example, the, the data dashboard charge, the headlines, the price ticker, those were like the three main ones. And it actually seems like a lot of that stuff is almost easier to do directly into the. Like, singular itself. So, for example, like, all you'd need is a URL. And you, you have the, like, the iframe of the data chart in there. That's like deductible with, basically, same, same for an article. You do bring up a pretty good point on the names and stuff. Google sheets is definitely supported by, by singular. It's just like upfront, you know, dev resource that, you know, they will have to, like, set up that pipeline. But it's definitely doable. It's just like kind of, again, you know, agreeing on the requirements and, like, the way we want to make it. We still have to discuss the price sticker and, like, what we actually want that to look like. Like, is it going to be Elmax? Is it not going to be Elmax? Because there's a few different ways we can approach this, and some of them are, like, more harder than the others. We have the call on Friday. We have a call tomorrow hell earlier time. I'm so sorry, dude. It says 6 30 in the morning your time. If you can't make it, you can't make it. I understand. Davis is in Australia and he specifically was like, hey. That's crazy. I'm sorry. I would be in bed with a laptop on my belly if I was you know. All right, well, you're, you're a better man than I am. We'll talk about that tomorrow or, or on Friday. Yeah, I think we will talk a little bit about that tomorrow. But what I really want to figure out tomorrow is the election coverage video that we want. But you just provided me with the elections hub. I'll go ahead and start to cut up the assets based on the script and get that prepared. Serena, claudine, just keep busting out like project CTO explorations. I'd love to, like I said, next Monday get back together with this core group and sort of make some decisions on the direction that we want to head with all of that stuff. And, yeah, so I don't really think that you all need to mess with anything else. I'll continue to just sort of, like, jump around wherever I could be useful and try to keep you guys heads down on that project. I think that would be the best for everyone. Ed and then the last thing is the sponsored course overview video. We, we have the script for that, but obviously, like. We know that, you know. We have a lot, we have a lot of things on the flight right now. Sean made the script for that and. Okay. Sweet. We have, you know, like the, I don't really know what the, what it looks like or how much animation or how, like, what's the editing and then an animation sort of requirement there for that video. But, like, I guess we want to continue with the same sort of approach that we've had for 2021 101 and have that video. So we have that whenever you guys are ready for. I guess we can talk about it tomorrow morning. I, I think. Exactly. I think it's largely still kelvin or gareth. Like, hyping the product. And then on screen when they hit certain things, he says, like, you know, something about, like, the integration. Co, we bring up one of clawdeen's beautiful moments from the integration on dot Co when he says something about, like, interactive campus course. We bring up a thing about, like, about the interactive thing on, you know, I mean, it's like largely a hype man with some supplemental supplemental graphics on screen, I think, same way that we're doing the elections hub video. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Do you think, do you think it's possible to expect that we'll be able to produce it by end of month? Yeah. Yeah. I think we can get this done by end of month for sure. Let's talk about it tomorrow. I just mentioned it to Janie as well. And we're glad to have the work. You know what I mean? Like, we're glad to be able to justify our, you know, our contributions or our employment. So we're happy to do it. We'll get it done. Appreciate it.

### You (2026-04-14T17:13:37.966Z)

For the most part it is exactly as you were describing the elections hub one. I added some of the visual assets to a Google drive and it's pretty much screen recordings of. The sponsored course and campus and I could also like I have a few screenshots in there so I can add more if you'd like.

### Guest (2026-04-14T17:13:55.086Z)

Oh, sick, dude. Oh, well, then, honestly, this might be. Yeah, this might be largely all that's needed. Oh, you linked to the full course there. I see. Got. Yeah. What did I do wrong? Okay. Sponsored course figma designs. Yeah. I think that what we'll do then is that that's perfect. What we'll do is. We'll once again read the script. And it looks like you had you grabbed all the screenshots that you feel like are already applicable. Is that what this sponsored course screens document is and the Google drive?

### You (2026-04-14T17:14:30.206Z)

Yeah the visual assets yeah it's like screen recordings of the sponsored course but I can add more I was pretty much just going off of what the visual and screen action would be. But I know we're also going to be just doing static and so yeah I wasn't sure what the animation aspect would be. I'm sure it's just like you said for elections hub is just kind of take it a static image and then rolling it through.

### Guest (2026-04-14T17:14:42.206Z)

Yeah. Probably more like that. But this is helpful. This is basically the exercise that I'm going through right now. For the elections hub stuff. So this, this is great. Thanks for doing this preliminary work, Sean.

### You (2026-04-14T17:15:06.846Z)

You're welcome. Thank you.

### Guest (2026-04-14T17:15:08.046Z)

Awesome, dude. Yeah. No, thank you. Cool. So. Everybody else good? Anything else we want to discuss or we'll take 15 minutes back? All right. Sounds good. Thanks, everyone. I'll talk to most of you tomorrow morning very early for. Thank you, Ed. I appreciate you, man. All right. See y'all later. Bye-bye.

### You (2026-04-14T17:15:29.246Z)

Guys.

