---
granola_id: 5a621dc0-bd1c-4afd-8512-d66c76109507
title: "Product + Design Weekly Alignment - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-21T17:00:15.018Z
updated: 2026-04-21T17:20:48.384Z
attendees: 
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - melshahat@theblock.co
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
  - jcarusi@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Product + Design Weekly Alignment.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Product + Design Weekly Alignment

### You (2026-04-21T17:01:08.021Z)

Go.

### Guest (2026-04-21T17:01:12.533Z)

Product, punctual as always.

### You (2026-04-21T17:01:15.221Z)

Sh.

### Guest (2026-04-21T17:01:16.693Z)

How we doing, everyone? Cool. I just got off with Jamie. She's not going to make it today. I assume Matt will, but not sure. Claudine is working today as well. We'll go for a moment. How's everybody's Tuesday going? Cool. Good. Yeah. It's rainy here. That Pacific Northwest Serena knows it. Well. I've escaped only to come to the UK. Where it's like probably pretty much the same. Yeah.

### You (2026-04-21T17:01:52.341Z)

Very much so.

### Guest (2026-04-21T17:01:52.453Z)

Yeah. Pretty much. What were some of the, like, in Vancouver? I think, like, really similar to, like, Seattle. And I think. I mean, it gets pretty nice and warm. Probably up to, like, 30, 30 sometimes. But, like, there's still rain sprinkled here, here and there, and it doesn't really get that warm until. Like, May or June. Yeah. Same for you. Yeah. Summers are really nice here. Pretty mild. Not any. Not any humidity, probably on your old Coast. Right? No. Can't say that about you pay, though. Oh, there's humidity in the UK. Like, the summers there also are, like, gray and, like. Damn. He's poo pooing on the UK, Serena. Yeah. Actually, it's been pretty nice. I I mean, I can't. The two weeks that I did spend in Ireland, though, that was. Kind of depressing. It was still April. It was very rainy and windy. And now that I'm in, like, Edinburgh, it's like, it's still windy, but it's, like, sunnier for sure. Like, a lot less rain, so I feel better. Nice.

### You (2026-04-21T17:03:14.501Z)

That's the Irish way Serena.

### Guest (2026-04-21T17:03:14.613Z)

Well. Honestly. It's an absolute dream in Arkansas right now. I've never done this. Let's see. See if this works. You can't. You. You can't really see, can you? No, no, sorry.

### You (2026-04-21T17:03:31.861Z)

Looks like a sunny day.

### Guest (2026-04-21T17:03:32.373Z)

Nothing to be seen. Oh, it's not just sunny. It is absolute perfection out there, you all. It's like springtime. And we've got flowers and birds and deer frolicking. It's lovely. So anyway, Claudine was out yesterday. Obviously, the rest of us met and we went over project CTO. I think some of the takeaways from yesterday's call, which Claudine reached out and to ask me this morning. Were that Serena's explorations up to this point. Through my direction have been largely news centric above the fold, although she did prioritize a lot of revenue modules, which is going to be, you know, something we need to consider. But she's sort of leveraging a jump navigation to indicate to the user that there was more happening below the fold, like that we have different content types. We spoke with Matt yesterday. Matt indicated he thinks it would be probably a good idea if possible to leverage the homepage as a sampling of of our offerings, which is a similar approach to what we do today. We just don't do a good job maybe of sort of creating some space and hierarchy above the fold for all of the different sampling. So Sean is going to explore a version of hers that feels more like that. I would say that, Claudine, yours already was doing something similar to that, so continue to do that. I was previewing your design a moment ago with Jamie and I were looking at it, Serena. And she loves a lot about it. One of the things that her feedback was that your hero and your featured stories, the top two stories have the text directly on the thumbnail. And for her eye, he read those as ads whenever I was sharing it with her. Her eye went to the story that you have that's in the second row, the first story as being our first story and that everything above that felt like an ad to Jamie, just for whatever that's worth to you, which, you know, I take her feedback seriously. It feels like that was literally her just her first impression. She was like, oh, I feel like the ads are getting a lot of priority here. And I was like, she was. She didn't see a featured story, really, in that version, which. Which I think none of us struggled to see. So take that for whatever you want to take it for. But when you go and you may want to, as you're revisiting your, your, your abbreviated samples up top, keep that in mind. I think. And I, too, need to get into that. I've still been spending a lot of my time in singular, creating some workflow assets for the, for the media team. I assume so clawing did get pulled back into campus last week. We, we did discuss that. But are you off of that now, Claudia? And I think you said you were. Yeah, I think it's so good. Okay. Yeah. Maybe we will start soon the, the VQA. No, I'm not sure because I saw a message from, from Roma. Regarding the, the sponsored courses. And, yeah, I've been wondering if the devs started working on, on the implementation.

### You (2026-04-21T17:06:50.421Z)

They've been working on it and Roma started the testing process. So it should I think you started it on Monday or Friday this past Monday or Friday so they have been working on that.

### Guest (2026-04-21T17:07:05.413Z)

Designs and incorporate that log collection. Completion state. So that's basically like the last thing. Now. A few, few copy moments here and there. Assume that vqa is going to get thrown over to clawdeen sooner than later, and she's going to be pulled kind of away from CTO again exploit, and that's okay to, to VQA, the sponsored course stuff, is that the case. Yeah. Okay. You seem like a cop right now for some reason. I don't know why. He's just like, yeah, that could be assumed with that, with that jacket on. Yeah. Feeling, feeling very authoritarian there. Okay, cool. Well, Claudine, keep that in mind. It's all good if you get pulled off of the project. We're still in the discovery and exploratory phase. I think one of the things I would like to do is to for the, the group collectively, you, me and Serena and then the product team agree on, like, two different versions that we're comfortable presenting or testing. So a version that does this, I'm, I'm struggling to find the word. So I'm saying smorgasbord. But basically it shows everything that we offer maybe in more of a abbreviated sort of presentation presentation views. So think, like, above the fold, you're trying to show. And I think the priorities are news, data and media could be wrong, but I think that I would prioritize news data and media, and then you can get to, like, prices and learn and things like this, maybe as, like, sort of secondary elements a little bit further below the fold. And then maybe one of those versions that's a little more news centric and. And it features some of the other stuff, maybe, maybe below the fold. Like. Like if we can come with a couple of versions, we can then maybe design some questions to ask respective stakeholders to ask even maybe we could even talk to some, like, user testing sort of situation and find out, like, which of these two versions is working better? Like, which feels more, more user friendly, more discoverable for different sort of content types that we want to prioritize. So I know that we, we constantly talk about. Like, trying to get to that place, but I feel like we are making progress on this project project. It's just a little slow going because there has been other priorities. So I know, Matt, you're on the call. Ed, Sean, anything else from product that we need to be considering right now other than the sponsored course DQA stuff coming down the pike, potentially. Thinking I. M coverage. So, you know, you've done job boards weekly as well. Right? I mean, we connected yesterday about that little. This tiny changes for our current integration. But there was some job boards. Yeah. Yeah. We're, we're onboarding our first client, and we need a little bit, like, you know, nice sort of requirement changes. But nothing major changing there. So, yeah, no, I think that's, I think that's it really at this point. Wonderful. Courses. And I don't know if you can hear me, Matt or not, but how is the marketing page for the app store or, I'm sorry, the, the application that you, that we're releasing? How did the, how's that coming along? I think you're Vibe coding that. Yeah, I think I should have something to share with you, like tomorrow or Thursday. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm not in any hurry there. And are we still on schedule for, like, two weeks ish or I know we determined that we were going to give Jeff an opportunity to try to find a launch partner? Have we didn't bring that up this morning during the call? And, and I forgot to ask. Yeah, he and I are meeting on Thursday, so I'll see you kind of where he's at. Okay. Gotcha. And I was briefly talking to Davis this morning, and he, he said, like, take this with a grain of salt as he is a lowly janitor. His words, not mine. But he wonders if there's. You know, if, if we should, like. Well, I guess, I guess who's going to write the marketing package is gareth going to do that for this app rollout or is that going to fall on you? And what I mean by that is, like, we don't want to really, I think that the app has a lot of opportunity for us. I don't necessarily want to roll it out and then try to do, like, a re release or re splash later. So, like, making sure that there is proper, like, splash put in place. So, g, handling the social plan, I'm doing, like, the App Store marketing stuff, but I could definitely use a hand with that. App store marketing stuff. So. What, when you say the App Store marketing stuff, like, I put together a bunch of, you know, ads and, and the App Store graphics and things like that. But beyond that, like, it's just like all copy. Yeah, I don't, I mean. I don't know. I think, I think that what we have is probably okay. But based on the value propositions that, that I understand the biggest value proposition is push notifications. Is that accurate? Probably. Yeah. Okay. All right. All right. Sounds good. Yeah. Mr. Claude is always helpful. All right. And I did speak at the leadership team this morning about claude design. You know, it's very. We'll have to get the, like the claw design sort of seats which come. It's like more of like the Caud Max package. So I think I'm going to expense a, a license or two. I'll try to share it to you all if you want to play around with cloud design. And we can see how that works. But according to Michael, it uses tokens very, very fast. That's why we have to go with the max subscription, which is a lot more expensive. So I will be in touch asynchronously with the design team on cloud design and, and whether or not, you know, we have multiple licenses and how, how to use them. Cool. All right, we're gonna prioritize project CTO. Sean, I never forgot about the claud skill, the design skill. I just know, I know I never set that meeting up for you and I to discuss that, but I do. I still have it in the back of my mind. I just haven't had time with all this time. I've been dedicating to singular.

### You (2026-04-21T17:13:30.741Z)

S cool.

### Guest (2026-04-21T17:13:47.253Z)

So. Serena, any concerns based on the meeting yesterday or the direction that, you know, you want to explore. Project CTO? Are you good? Yeah. In terms of project CTO, I think it's pretty straightforward. I'm gonna keep exploring, like, those two versions that you said with a news data media as the focus on one version and try to move the other version forward as well. I did have a small, tiny update for the elections hub that I'll just quickly show if everyone has time. Okay. It's just like the top of the voting block index part. So I've just updated it a little bit here based off of everybody's feedback last time. I did. So obviously it's coming from, like, the top of the, it's at the very top of the page. I did actually gray it out because I felt like it was looking a little bit disconnected in terms of, like, the whole section. And maybe because it's like a new section that we're going to be adding after primaries, it can, you know, bring a little bit more attention to it with a little, like new tag and everything. Included. And then I just kind of cleaned everything up a bit. Nothing too different. And then I just made, you know, remove that section on the left that sort of adds, like, all the, it used to have, like, the congress senate and house, but now it's just the congress. And I thought maybe it was looking a little empty. So I did add a section down there that promotes the report cards as well, since it's a little bit further down the page. But if we want to, maybe if it says, like pro crypto, then it can link out to, like, the pro crypto politicians. And if, if it's anti, then it's like the other way around. Not sure if that's, like, viable engineering wise, but just an idea. As well. That's a cool idea. Yeah. This is awesome. I think we're really close to the final product, final version. It's like, looks, I guess one thing I could add is just a smile, small icon, maybe next to the voting Block index because we'll want documentation. Links out. So, yeah, just, you know, small, like, click through. But, yeah, no, no notes after that. Well, I mean, I'm sorry. I don't disagree at all yet. I'm just curious. What do you mean, doc? Howell and icon and indicate documentary. I'm sorry. I don't understand anything to, like, you know, like. Our methodology or whatever. Yeah. Okay. Got you. Got you. Makes sense. I have an icon here. Okay. For, like, info. Okay, good. Okay. Understood. Yeah. Go ahead. I was gonna change just slightly the topic, but go ahead. The only thing I want to just ask the group. I absolutely love all this, arena. And I actually forgot about the feedback we had gave you. So thank you for following up on this, because this is, I think, much clearer and cleaner. I know we also talked about the share being able to share these respectively per side. And that's why you have to share buttons. Do those share buttons feel like they're standing out just a little too much, or are they the appropriate weight to you? And for me, I almost immediately went to the share button. Maybe that's a good thing. I don't know. I don't want to say it's not, but it felt like it had equal importance to every, like the navigation and all the other graphics. I think. How do you feel about that? Do you feel like it makes sense to have it like that? It's fine. If you, if you're like, I feel like this is really strong. That's the only thing to me is the share button felt a little heavy handed. It could. Yeah, that's all. I was just gonna say that, like, because it's black, it does tend to draw your attention quite a bit. With that said, I don't know exactly where else we might place it. I think the prominence is correct. I think it's just. And I know that's the share button that's in the design system. So this is a 100 the right call. I think it's just do we want to reevaluate that share button because it feels pretty heavy or does it feel appropriate? It could be looked through the perspective of we want to do everything possible. To make these, you know, share that on Twitter as much as possible, especially if we have, like, pre-generated deletes. There, like, you know, behind those share buttons. So there could be a argument made that this is exactly what we want. You know, I do agree with you that it stands out quite a bit, but, like, maybe that's by design. Let's rock it. That's cool with me. Let's. Let's go with it then. Until we come up with a something that we feel like is. Is viably better or certainly better. Let's. Let's just go with this. Sorry. That's nitpicky because I think it's amazing. I just for the share button and. But, yeah, no, it was nitpicky, but I think this is great personally. It's actually you just reminded me, Serena, on the small thing I asked you about the shareable for our politicians. Like the. Oh, yes. Crypto IQ. Esque template. Oh, my God. This is amazing. Yes. Oh, sorry. I think that you. I. Sorry. I think that you might have missed, like, I did message you back, but it probably got buried somewhere. But, yeah, feel free to review these and see if, like, any of these work. And then this is. This is literally perfect. Yes. This is exactly what you're asking for. Excellent. Thank you. Yeah, this looks awesome. I'm loving this. This is a whole campaign ready to go. You've got data, you've got versus. You've got individual profiles. This is amazing. Yeah. We ready to go for elections coverage. Yeah, I think. I think the video is coming, like, tomorrow, latest. Right? Yeah. Video is getting Jamie's wrapping the video up now, and she had me. I delivered light mode screenshots of the. All the modules on the website, so it's going to align pretty closely with this, although there is a little dark mode in here, which is great. So we. Yeah, this is awesome. Thank you. All right. Well, I guess let's go back to it and enjoy the rest of your Tuesday, everyone. Let me know if. If I can help with anything, I'll be here. Thanks. See ya. Bye. Thanks, team.

### You (2026-04-21T17:20:29.141Z)

Later guys.

