---
granola_id: cfd0e3cd-a0ac-45fc-b0a8-3290a497ed7e
title: "Project CTO Design Check-ins - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-27T13:58:27.833Z
updated: 2026-04-27T14:42:08.686Z
attendees: 
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Project CTO Design Check-ins.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Project CTO Design Check-ins

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:00:59.882Z)

First, you know, a horse. There's a product. He always so punctual. Designers. That was everybody's weekend. Warm. Finally. Sunday. Still got to spend time outside. Wait. Angel took me out Friday for the new job. On Saturday. What'd you go see? No, I did not suit out. Sorry. I thought I saw that. I did not. That's right. I left Instagram. I forgot. I did. All right. What's up, Serena? How's your weekend, Josh? It was okay. I. Yesterday was weird. We had my daughter does these competitive dances. And it was like just a ton of time sitting in a parking lot waiting for her to finish her competitive dancing competition. So not. Maybe not ideal.

### You (2026-04-27T14:02:13.055Z)

Were you tailgating?

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:02:15.562Z)

I was feeling like a creep because there's, like. Like 900, 9,000, you know, teenage girls in dance outfits all over running all over the parking lot. And I'm like. I'm, like, laying back, looking through my sunroof. And just because I'm trying to kill hours. And I'm thinking in my head, like, what people got to be thinking, what is this dude doing? Setting into car by himself. Like, what a weirdo. That's. That's how I spent my fun day. It sucked. Quite honestly. I was like, man, I said her dance. I did that. Yeah, I will watch her do the dance, but then there's literally, like, seven other hours where other groups are dancing and she's not even anywhere to be seen. Like, she's with her team or whatever. And she ignores me while I'm there anyway. She wants nothing to do with me, so it was weird. I was like, man, I should have brought a notepad or a computer or anything, like. And I don't even have social media on my phone anymore. So it's like, oh, wow, this is. This is wild. Cool. So project CTO. I know that Claudia and Serena and myself have all made some progress last week. I think claudian got did get pulled into some other project again, but I know that we have all made some progress, I'm sure of that. I even pushed some pixels. So let's look at what we've done. I don't know, Serena, you're all the way left on my screen. Do you want to go first? And I think we've got a half hour for this call. Is that right? Or do we have an hour? Oh, we have an hour. Okay, cool. So we should have plenty of time to get through. Yeah, I can go first. Cool. Okay. Yeah. Sorry about earlier. I was trying to fix the door and it wasn't shutting. So I don't know what you're talking about. I just mean earlier in the call when you. What's going on. Okay. Yeah, I I having a little bit of trouble remembering where we left off last time. I think it might have been something similar to this. Since then. I've just been exploring more about the hero, I think last time. Actually, sorry. Let me just zoom out really quickly. I think it. I don't think that they've seen any of your, like, quote unquote dashboard Concepts where you can, like, move stuff around at will. Okay, cool. Yeah. I think last time. Yeah, I showed these where. Yeah, just had, like, the main news section and then, like, you know, the main five stories, whether it's latest or trending and then most read down there and then. Yeah, I guess as, like, a recap on the. On the right, it was like top stories or anything that we wanted to bring up from down below up into the. And then. Hang on. Sorry. Since the. I've done a couple of explorations, like this one I kept the same hero for this, but just splitting, you know, real estate between the different sections. I know, like, this is still in its infancy, but Josh had also suggested to. Split up the research and learn, perhaps in one half during our product design call so that it doesn't have to take up individual real estate, but it still provides a good amount of space for each section and gives a bit more indication to the reader, like, what they're all about. And then I've also experimented a bit with the media section as well. Just different types of. Ways of adding, you know, like long term, long form videos as well as, you know, like podcasts and things and thinking about how we can sprinkle that throughout the website as well, which I. Have in some of the other, like this version, for example, where it's just like a very narrow section. So you're playing around with sections and how they can be. Wider sections and smaller sections as well and still accomplish the same thing that we're trying to do. So that's because I'm just going to sort of summarize what I understand. That was because, like, in some of Serena's earlier iterations, the site felt extremely like, like layer cakey. You would have, like, you had a bunch of beautifully designed sections. They were all full bleed, like, as you. Well, not as you can see here, but, like, they were all full bleed and they felt like they were pretty substantial. So I think Serena is now trying to figure out, okay, how can I. How can I integrate some of this content more with. With other content types rather than being so sort of a compartmentalized? Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. If that wasn't super clear. Oh, maybe it was. I apologize. No, no, no. It's okay. I think, yeah, sometimes when I'm in the weeds, I forget to give a little more context, especially because it's been like a week that's passed. But, yeah, that was the idea. There's also. So what Josh referring to now is last week I actually showed the design team. Another approach to the hero, which is what we discussed before with potentially spotlighting news, data and media. And the way that I sort of tried or attempted to look at it was having them in sort of like individual cards. Or modules that we can switch in and out and more closely following the way that Claudine had her mobile designs where, you know, you can move sections anywhere you want. But, yeah, like the top would be news data and media, and it's more of a dashboard approach, as Josh said, because the idea here, if you've noticed in the headers is maybe you can also have, like, a drop down. And you'd be able to, as a user click into it and decide which ones you want to see and perhaps, like in the. If we were to use, like, cookies on the site, then the site would remember which sections they're most interested in. So that could be an interesting way to provide more of an interest or more of like a curated user experience without creating the user sign in and anything yet. So this would allow, like a user to say, okay, in the top, in this first slot, which occupies this much of the grid. I want, you know, I want prediction markets or I want, I want prices or whatever. And it may not like users may not take to this at all. We don't know. But this was one concept that would allow them to sort of, based on the available real estate, you know, determine what content types they want to see where. So I'm gonna turn the fan on. I'm. Yes. So, yeah, there was that still a bit of an earlier idea, but just the idea. We need a test. Like, we need to figure out what are we going to do to test these different Concepts? Because we have so many good ideas. Now I'm getting. Like, I'm getting decision fatigue or whatever analysis paralysis or whatever. Like, I'm not sure what's best without being able to test these. So that's probably the next thing we need to figure out is a product and design team. Yes, agreed. I think, yeah, honestly, looking through my own versions, I'm feeling like there's actually quite a bit going on now with all these different versions, so. Yeah, we'd probably have to narrow it down in terms of versions. Maybe we can test it internally even and see how people feel. And. Yeah. And sorry to add to that, but I was just going to show one more version. Which is kind. It kind of takes from, like, a combination of everybody's ideas with, like, you know, again, like modular in a way, but also the feature stories and adding the markets and then, like, a third sort of tab or section there with. Yeah. Just like the featured news. Trending down there. This part I, I was intending for it to be, like, scrollable vertically. It's not super obvious right now, but maybe, you know, if we want to have, like, a timeline kind of thing, which is why I wanted to add the one hour, two hour, Etc. Then that could be an interesting way to do it. And then maybe on desktop, it would, as you hover over them, the image would change. So then, yeah, with the markets. I was thinking that perhaps with this version, you'd be able to make this one section interchangeable. It could be markets, it could be anything else, you know, like learn or research. But it, this would just be a condensed version of this section down here. And it could link to scroll downwards if you want to see more. It also could link to its own individual sections or pages in our website. So that was the idea behind that. And then. Yeah, so there's that cool and, yeah, there hasn't been too much, too much. This one I borrowed from, like, this three column I borrowed from Claudine's designs as well that she showed last week. I thought that was a pretty cool way to do it. So I won't speak too much about it because, like, Claudine will probably also show her version, but, yeah, like, it's a combination of the long form video shorts and podcasts in one sort of. Yeah. Nice. Awesome. So I think that for you, so, you know, the best thing to do would be to. Like, figure out what versions of yours that you feel are kind of the strongest, and then, like, we're going to need, like, almost like brand them. Like, okay, here's my dashboard version. Okay, here's my feed version or whatever. And then that, that'll help the, maybe at least maybe it would help me. I don't know if there'd be the product guys are all over it, but I'm like, I'm like, I see so many different versions, and they're, like, kind of some are subtle, some changes are more significant than others. I'm. I'm having a kind of a difficult time wrapping my head around, like, all right, conceptually, what's. What's this one? You know, what is this one about, you know, and things like that. So. But. But this is all very. I mean, it's beautiful work, and it's. It's. It's hitting a lot of the marks. And without knowing exactly what our, like, what our users are wanting, it's. It's kind of difficult. So I do think we're going to have to do some tests. I have some versions, too, but I'd like for you to go next if you're ready, claudine, if you have anything you want to share. Yes. Thank you, Srina. Thank you. Okay, so I think. The main thing I changed since last week, I think on the er, it's this feed. So at first I had. I had two different feeds that you can see right here. So I had the latest newsfeed and most read today feed. But as you say, Josh, we can end up with the same articles. Both on the right and on the left side of the screen. So it will be maybe. Yeah, it couldn't be really great to have all the same articles repeating in the, in the page. So I tried this version where we can have, like, like a toggle to switch between the different kind of, of feeds that we have. And so, well, if I click on most trade today, I will get back this, this feed right here. I also added section in the top right corner and also a video section. So it would autoplay. Kind of like what they have on the coin desk website. And then I have the, the black media section. So at first I try to put it a little bit more at the, at the bottom of the page. But I put it closer to the top, actually, because I think it's just my, my opinion. But I think it's interesting to have our media content more, more visible, especially if we want to, to focus our strategy on that. So we have a system with, with tabs again. So we can choose to initial podcast our videos, for example. But on the whole view, we have a feed with a podcast, the latest podcast. We have selected shorts, and then we have a feed with the latest videos. We can also. Add another row at the bottom if we need to. I haven't explored that idea, but because it's quite modular, it's possible. Then we have the, the market section. And then we have the research section. So it's an idea that I borrowed from, from the thumbnails are, like, working really great on those research reports. So I wanted to, to put the emphasis on that. I write a lot of that in, in my, in my new version. Yeah, it's a good idea. And then I also made an explore section. So, so actually, at first I named it learn. And I wanted just to, to have a bunch of learn articles. Then I, I thought that it could be interesting to either feed with the latest compute courses. And then I tried something else by adding ratings article right here. So because I think maybe we could try to, you know, to add more visibility to the, to the ratings page. So I tried this version where we have basically the Gran articles, the campus courses and the, and the ratings articles. So I had to rename this section. So I called it explore. I'm not sure if that's working well. Actually, we can go back to, to a simple learn section. But, yeah, I just wanted to, to explore if that would be possible to have all those different kind of content in the same section that is basically. Useful to, you know, to learn more about crypto and all the protocols and, and, yeah, just to educate, educate ourselves on the subject. And then it's the usual, like the newsletter section in the footer. So it's my latest version. Next, I would like to explore a way to maybe mix a little bit the different sections together. As you said, Josh, last time, maybe I can break a little the, the, you know, I can break a little the layout because currently it's very straight in a way. So maybe I could mix. I could better mix search and explore or maybe find a way to mix also markets with, with the media. So I'm currently looking at that. Cool. All right. Well, on my internet, it's a little weird, so I've gone off camera, so I apologize on that. But any comments from product before we move on? No, I, I enjoy the implements here. I think that what you did a good job translating some of that, like, modularity aspect and giving it sort of serenous treatment. So especially like the media section, I think this looks really good. If you have the socials underneath it, it's like. Yeah, it's very solid. I'd probably put markets over media, but I don't know. Just, you know, it's probably. A decision what we want to prioritize more strategy wise. Yeah. Maybe she can find a pairing for them. Like, like you, like she was talking about, you know, kind of bringing them both up a little bit. Sorry. Go ahead, Ed. Yeah. I was just gonna say, I don't know if the hero, like. Look or feel or serve a purpose is a lot different than what we do right now. Because, yeah, like right, right now it's essentially like relatively the same. We have a hero, the main list and then a couple of revenue things. So maybe, maybe somehow incorporating the. Market section up top would be helpful, but I definitely would, if, if it came between the two versions that you showed off would be the one that's right now on the screen where you have, you have the toggle. Definitely not the, you know, right side for most red today. But how would, how would the featured story type thing work? It's just like switch as the timer runs out. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We can also add, like, some, you know, little arrows while we are offering the, the card. But it will be mostly, you know, with a little delay and then it will switch. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it's solid. I do wonder, like, what would it look like with the. Markets or something, you know, from that section? Up, up top here. Okay. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's very. Like, it looks very professional.

### You (2026-04-27T14:21:47.455Z)

It's super clean.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:21:47.802Z)

You know, we. Kind of maintaining that same. Sarenas designs look sort of like hip and, like, we kind of have our. I don't know, a little bit of a character, whereas this is. Tightened up in, like, more formal, if that makes sense. Claudine's design is wearing, like, a shirt with a collar and serene is wearing, like, a t-shirt. Not a t-shirt like a, like a polo.

### You (2026-04-27T14:22:14.575Z)

But.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:22:17.242Z)

You know? No, that's not an insult. That's. That's like, you know, t-shirt all that wear. Yeah.

### You (2026-04-27T14:22:21.775Z)

I'm wearing a t-shirt. Yeah it's a shirt with a collar but with a little pizzazz into it because of all the images sprinkled around.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:22:25.482Z)

Awesome. So you can see chest hair and, like, a gold chain.

### You (2026-04-27T14:22:35.055Z)

Yeah exactly.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:22:36.522Z)

Okay. Gotcha. But, yeah, I think. I think probably, like, next stop for us is to, like you mentioned, just categorize into the options that we have. And, like, start sort of. Like, canceling out the ones that we, you know, like the least. Now we're down the list that we're, like, choosing from it. Maybe, you know, They can choose from each of these, like, little, little versions, what we, what we prefer. But I think we're. Yeah, I think, like, I think both designs look really good. I know that Serena has many different versions, so that I just need to. Narrow them down, but I'm curious to see what you, Josh, have. So you also have something to show. Sure. Yeah. So I'd love for you to do that, Claudia, explore, like what Ed was saying, maybe integrating a market section up top here, even if it's just the poly market prediction Market widget or something and then making sure that this translate back to mobile. And then Serena figuring out, like, of your versions, which two or three do you feel are the strongest in making sure, like, that you at least have your favorite on both desktop and mobile so that we can start to maybe get these in front of some internal users for some. Some sort of a test. That's. That should be our priority. All right, so hopefully this works. My internet has been really dumb. Kim, I cannot see you all anymore, so let me know. Can you see my screen?

### You (2026-04-27T14:24:04.895Z)

Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:24:04.922Z)

Yeah. Yes. Thank you. So I've only focused on mobile. And what I've done is I've taken. So this is going to be the first one that I show you is going to be much more of a, like, maybe a traditional approach. And then the second one's going to be a little bit. I kind of jumped to the shark, as they say, where I kind of went a little bit more unconventional with the second approach. So this first approach, my thoughts are, you know, we could actually leverage, like a today button. So it's kind of like. It's like. It's almost like a feed in a way of everything that's happening today across the different content types. And as I go down, you're going to see it's a very, very repeatable pattern that I've leveraged here where I'm leading with news first, as you can kind of see here in this hero moment. But that's. That's not a jump navigation. That is actually the navigation from the header. Right. And the idea is that you could horizontally scroll that and after research, it might be learn or it might be. What else do we have on the site prices? Etc. So in this version, as you scroll down, you've got, obviously, you've got a hero leading story. Then you've got a toggle here that's like latest headlines. But behind that toggle, maybe it also says trending news. Maybe it also says policy markets, you know, nfts, etc. Maybe you could change that if you wanted. And what that might do is change all of these out. Or you could just access all news, which would essentially be the same as clicking the news button in the, in the sort of header. And then what you've got is a horizontal scroll. And again, you're going to see this is going to be a pretty repeatable pattern. So each section leads with a hero. It has a toggle that changes the flavor of the feed below it and then the option to go see the full section. So when we get down to the next section, you can see it's media. So I'm leading with a hero in this instance. It's the starting Block video, which may be an autoplay. Then I've got a toggle where I could, I could maybe switch between the big brain podcast, the crypto beat, whatever it may be. Or we could be a little bit more broad and it could be short or podcasts, whatever, like. Like Serena and Claudine's were showing where I could go to the media landing page, I could scroll this across to see it. To see what's in that little mini feed. And what you're going to notice is I'm breaking every section off with an ad. So we're trying to get that, you know, that Revenue. We're breaking basically every section up with an ad. This is essentially an ad, so I didn't put an ad between the press release section and the advertisement. That did change the pattern here for the press release section because it's press releases. Like, I didn't want to build press release hero and then a little mini feed. So I kind of changed the pattern to get the press releases into this view. But the idea would remain the same, that you could, you could swipe this, you get to the second carat or dot in the list, or you could go see all press releases. Right. We get down to the poly market section. It's a similar pattern, right? It's like a hero Market. Then you can see some what markets are trending. You could look at crypto markets, you could look at, I don't know, maybe we can even pull in sports markets or whatever. We could see all prediction markets. We still have a disclaimer here. But again, break it up with an ad. We get down to data, same thing, right? Hero data module trending data. See the data dashboard. So again, you can see the pattern emerging. Right. And for, for this one instead of trending prices or just prices, maybe you could look at ETFs. Maybe you could look at stocks, things like that, and it would change this list out. Or you could go see all prices. Right. So that's, that is sort of my very. It's like very repetitive and pattern specific, but it, it felt a little fresh to me when I was doing it last week. But then I lied. I did delete social media off my phone, except I downloaded substack. I've never been a substack user. I'm not really a writer. But I can't. Yeah, I have a problem with meta lately, so I deleted all my meta and I was kind of going through this morning phase. And so my wife's like, yeah, you should check out substack. I did. I really like it. And it feels. I don't know if y'all are familiar with it, but it's more like writing heavy, so. But it's still. It's kind of like instagram meets, like a news app or like medium. It's kind of like Instagram meets medium. And so I'll kind of inspired by that. So in my second version. Which I literally just started this morning, I kind of leaned into this notion of, like, a feed even harder where. Okay, so I'll start with this section here. Obviously, we're all familiar with this pattern from substack or instagram, whatever. It's. Maybe it's authors we follow or maybe it's not even doesn't have to be authors we follow. Maybe it's just like sort of the latest thing if. If the user doesn't follow authors or we could also surface different content types in here. So if research publishes something. Sorry, I don't have an icon in here, but we could also pin one and have, like, a featured. Well, I don't really want to call these stories because I think that would actually click through to, like, proper full articles or whatever, but we could. We could pin. Like, so when you think about the sponsored post or something, you know, you could pin something right here. So in this instance, I just grabbed poly market because it was the most accessible logo I had. So the biggest difference you're going to see here is I'm kind of bringing our authors more into the more into the Forefront. By almost leading with them like this is my content creator, right? Because ultimately this is a content creator, but they just happen to work for the block. So 26 minutes ago, Daniel coon published this behind this three dot menu. I could follow Daniel. I could follow policy news. I could, you know, I could bookmark this article to read it later, things like this. Right. But then you're going to see a similar model where, because this is a policy article, and maybe this user's already told me they care about policy, but because this is a policy article, I've defaulted this toggle to latest policy news, but the user can still get to all news. I did reduce this from two rows to one row because I want this to feel more like a Instagram feed or something than a full, then like, you know, like recirculation module. I don't really want it to feel so much like a recirculation module. I also thought, and I just didn't get a chance to do this because I literally just woke up this morning and decided to explore this idea. Maybe you could preview this article without going fully into it. So there, there may be an option to, like, because I'm. This is so feed heavy. Maybe the idea is like, you know, people's attention spans are not what they once were. Maybe they. We want to keep them scrolling. So maybe I just, like, allow them to expand the quick hits from this article. Maybe I don't show up by default. I allow them to expand that maybe somewhere in here. So then as I scroll down, you can see the block media has published this video recently. Yeah. 44 minutes ago. And then I've used a similar sort of model here. This one I did a little differently with the press releases because I really wanted to keep that feed style thing where I've surfaced the chain wire logo, but I've still kind of reduced it from. It's not getting as much love as, like, a proper news section. It's. It's a little truncated, but, you know, it's similar. And then poly market, we have. We have a poly market entry in the, in the feed, and that is as far as I got this morning before I. Before this meeting. Needed to happen, but. Oh, one thing I wanted to call out because I did remove all the options from the header. In terms of, like, the right in front of your face, right? Like the news, like. Like over here, this is going to take you through that respective section of the website because I remove it and replaced it with a feed. I think that you would have a tab bar that stayed persistent at the bottom, like a typical web app to where you could do quick jump to the different sections. This wouldn't be news. This would be like the feed or. Or like home feed or something like that. But then you'd have news research data prices, whatever. Whatever. You just leverage that app bar. So my two concepts are they're both, I'd say, more feed based. This one, again, is a little more conventional. This one is a little bit more leaning into, like, what social media is doing. The last thing I'll say is anecdotally. I was. I was at a in between my daughter's dance thing yesterday. I went to a friend of mine's 60th birthday party, and I was talking to a lot of people at the party, including old people and his kids and, like, you know, grandkids and stuff like that and talking to them about websites in particular. You know, I'm having a bit of an existential crisis here talking to them about when was the last time you voluntarily visited a website? They were like, you mean app? I was like, no, no, no. Like, when was the last time you went to Google searched for something? Didn't use the gemini summary, clicked the link that Google suggested, and then you actually went there and read something and they. I got. I got straight nose. Like, don't do that anymore. Haven't done that in as long as I can remember. So where do you get your content? Where do you get your news? Everybody's getting their news from. From social media feeds. So I think that, like, what I. What I was trying to do here was. Like, meet the users with an experience that they're more familiar with in 2026 than. Than trying to leverage sort of like the model that media and publishing companies have been using for a long time now. I know that we still have to probably balance that, walk that line or whatever and find some kind of a balance. But that was my thought process or my rationale. Rather, was to try to build an experience that feels more like. More like an experience that they're. They're using regularly already and see if we can't get them interested in. In viewing our content more. You know, more deeply because they. Because this is a pattern. Right? So that's it. That's what I got. It's certainly interesting. I I appreciate that sort of thinking and, like, really. Applying the, you know, patterns in today's world. I for the, for the, for leaning into the. Like, the second option basically is leaning into heavily until kind of like New York times, those are things, right? It's, they, they really lean into their authors. I've never found utility in that. But. So I've sort of torn it. I kind of love it from the one perspective. It stands out quite a lot from the other versions of the designs. But also, I don't know if that, like, is the right move for the Block. I I'm curious to hear what other people think. Yeah. Because we could. Here go ahead.

### You (2026-04-27T14:35:15.295Z)

I do love the substack take and it's also Ed wouldn't you say that it's kind of. Like you could sort of utilize that in a Block bytes perspective.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:35:25.082Z)

Yeah. True. Yeah, that would work well. Yeah, 100. Like, if we were to open this up. Exactly, Sean, to the researchers and everybody to just start publishing quickly little hits, then the, the research team could constantly be publishing their thoughts, almost like our own little Twitter feed of Block researchers and. And data people like. Yeah, exactly.

### You (2026-04-27T14:35:25.455Z)

Sort of. Yeah. Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:35:45.882Z)

Like, we would use all of everybody, every content creator at the Block would basically have a profile that they could create from it. Then we would also have department profiles, research team, the media team would have a profile. Hell, even the design team could have a profile. Like, claudine could write about how she went to Paris blockchain week and, you know, learned this. I'm not saying you have to, Cody. I'm just saying hypothetically, like, you know, we could. We could do that. We could really create something where everybody at the company was sort of empowered to be a content creator.

### You (2026-04-27T14:36:20.495Z)

I think that's pretty that's pretty interesting idea I like that.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:36:21.962Z)

What. Yeah. Especially if we really want to lean into the people at the Block, right? And, like, lead with our researchers and editorial. With the desktop version look roughly the same then. Like, we still take the same approach. Like, maybe it's not as much of a feed, but then still, like, have a. Yeah, exactly what you're saying. It would. It would probably become more of, like, a dashboard where each one of those respective sections then become like little compartments or widgets. But I would still lean into the creator first or author first sort of sort of paradigm, and. And I didn't get a chance to build this out. It. It occurred to me over the weekend as I was looking at substack that this could work for, like, a media site, potentially, and then I woke up this morning and just. And just started to fly through that mockup that I just showed you also. I would have something to sort of, like, test it out. Yeah, definitely. At this point, we're definitely, like, analysis paralysis, like with so many options. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think what. What would be helpful is to have, like, a. Maybe, like, a combined figma file of the ones that us design decided that, you know, these are contenders and then, like, going for Sean and I to have an opportunity to go through the figma file and, like, leave comments and, like, leave sort of. Some reactions to specific, like, sections and specific components. To say, like, okay, this works for X and y reason. This works for Etc. So, like, sort of just. Give it Justice a little bit in terms of you reacting to it because it's hard to, like, compartmentalize your thoughts as you're, like, seeing the wife, you know, like that. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that's probably the next step, right? Like, like you mentioned. To put them all together, sort of like they were down the list, cancel out the ones that we didn't like. And then choose from, you know, five options, I guess. Exactly. So Claudine and Serena, let's create another page. We, we each have a page that's, you know, named after us. Let's create one that's called, like, for review. And then drop your favorites that you've respectively done in that section doesn't have to be done today. If you have feedback or things that you were inspired by during this session, make the tweaks to your favorite ones or whatever, go for it and then drop your versions in for review. I'll create the full review page and then we can tag Sean and Ed in that. And I will try to play out. My versions on desktop at least like a section or two on desktop to see. I just didn't want to do that, you know, for all of you guys would be like this, this is terrible. The, the social sort of version that I put together. And if that's the case, then I don't want to waste any time sort of building out a desktop version. So. But I have to do so.

### You (2026-04-27T14:39:31.135Z)

No. Yeah no please do because when we were talking to Stephen when we were like exploring ideas for pro one of the things that he kept on bringing up was just the social aspect just like ways like different ways of growth like different ways of growing different ways of connecting with audiences and you're not wrong like I personally this is the most I've ever visited news sites while doing you know research for our news site so like everything I personally get is through like I love substack or instagram or twitter so I it's definitely a good angle to take.

### Guest (2026-04-27T14:40:00.762Z)

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It seemed to me like me meet the users kind of where they are in terms of the patterns they're using today. But again, I'm not trying to. Not trying to copy everything. Right. So figuring out how do we, how do we walk that line and find that balance? And I do think substack does a good job of it. I've read more articles in the last week because I canceled my Instagram. Then I have in forever because substack is so good at, like, feeling like a hybrid of. Of, like I said, medium and instagram. And so it gets me to read these little four minute articles all day long. Cool. Well, we'll do that. I'll create a for review area in that document. And, you know, sometime in the next day, probably by tomorrow's Tuesday product design check in. We will put our favorites over there. I'll keep. I'll keep playing with the, the social feed model. And then Serena and Caudino put their latest and greatest work in there as well. But, yeah. Thank you all very much. I don't know if there's anything else we want to discuss on this call or not. I think it's it if we have. Yeah, we can take some time back if we have. But, yeah, great work. I think we're being close. Sweet. Hey, Matt, are you still on the call? I am. Sweet. Can you hang around, brother? Of course. Just for a few. Thanks, man. All right. Thank you all. Thanks. Thanks.

### You (2026-04-27T14:41:38.975Z)

Thanks guys.

