---
granola_id: 2bc57671-1c65-4a3c-8dd6-68a7d5b66cd8
title: "Project CTO Design Check-ins - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-20T14:01:23.550Z
updated: 2026-04-20T14:01:23.668Z
attendees: 
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - cdaumur@theblock.co
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - sho@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Project CTO Design Check-ins.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Project CTO Design Check-ins

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:01:35.958Z)

It's cool here though. I like it. How many Guinnesses have you had yet? Oh well I mean I was in Ireland for like two weeks. And surprisingly I only had. Like well they have like three different sort of like stouts that are really good like obviously Guinness and then they have one called and then beamish as well. I personally I think I think Guinness is my favorite that's that's my personal favorite but yeah I haven't gone too crazy about that. Good morning. Hey guys hello good morning good morning everyone I'm not sure let me ping Claudine she on Friday got pulled back into I think let me see what if she pulled into actually she's out today. Yeah she got pulled back into campus on Friday we could open up her document and I can share with you the progress that she did make last week. But I think it got halted. Towards the end of last week due to getting pulled back into the campus stuff yeah and she is out today I forgot. So with that said let's if it's cool with you Serena I know that you have sort of and I peaked this morning I think that you sort of I started to play out the mobile stuff based on your earlier desktop version. Yeah so I mean if we want to I can go first before you show the claudians work as well yeah I'd prefer just to see yours if that's cool at this point since you're on yeah so it hasn't largely changed from we had the meeting last week about the yeah obviously like the desktop versions I've done a couple like slightly varying versions of the hero here and yeah I started to look into how it might look in different versions like you can see here I'm just sort of kind of messing with it but like yeah page takeover like how it could potentially look if there's like a background with sort of like how we you know kind of already do it right now like mobile as well so just like taking a look to see like what the options might be but just a couple of things to touch on. That have changed since last week are just the way I guess like to start off with having the latest or trending news I've actually like included an option like as a drop down instead so perhaps like you know it's a bit it's obvious that it's you can interact with it here and either have switch between like latest or trending perhaps I've also moved to the jump to section into here as well. And as I mentioned to Josh already last week I pivoted and didn't include the second row I think last time let me just refresh everybody's memory yeah what I had shown looked more like this and as you can see like I had like the 300 by 250 ad here and then like two rows of that. One giant feature and then more of this and then it was actually quite a bit visually to look at and very like news heavy. So I sort of tried to pivot a little bit away from that and I still have, you know, a lot of news going on here, but it can be. It can be I think like modified depending on what we want to include like as you can see I still have the sponsored the ad here, but also like a sponsored post here if we want to include it in a slightly like more subtle way. I've added more on the right section well we have another example of a sponsored post press release the pro ad and then also like a media like a video at the bottom right corner, which I think could be interesting. I sort of like played around with the idea of it stick being sticky to sticky or fixed to the bottom right like how coindesk has it, but in the opposite corner and then maybe would stick as you go down. But one thing to keep in mind is that we do have that sort of like pop up at the bottom usually and I was just place it here because like when you I was trying to prototype it and see where it pops up. It's sort of like usually around here. So just to see how that would look alongside the video it would yeah it would like show up. So on desktop that'd be okay on mobile. That's a different story. So I think that's still something if we move forward with this design I would have to figure out. This one here drops the jump nav, but it create it introduced a toggle where the jump nav was to toggle between trending and latest. Okay. Yeah. So yeah and then also you might have noticed like I included these little beard that say like most red. That's just like an optional thing. And I've also actually taken this away and made it I tried to make it more modular as well. To. Mimic Caudine's designs as well. We like the modularity last week of having adding and removing things. So if we want to we could probably also play with the sizing of all of these and like let's say it's like larger and it's just two cards or something. To make sense for whatever content we want to put there. So yeah, that was where my head was going with that. And I think yeah I haven't touched the bottom sections too much. I know last week we were talking about having like the media look like this potentially. But yeah still working on that. And then how it could potentially look homepage takeover again. This is like very drafty looking but everything would potentially be like a card style and we'd have like the background just available there. And it would pretty much look the same. I don't foresee like too much of a difference there in terms of how we already apply the home based agreement. And then here I was playing with a lot of like horizontal carousels on the mobile version. The only difference here is like I was trying to like it's just a different size so you don't really see much of a difference between two. But yeah, I'm still figuring that out. I don't think like horizontal carousels for all three of these sections would be the most ideal. But just trying to see how it could look on mobile right now with sort of the idea. So you can see your accordion. Yeah, I like that the accordion here. Sorry. Yeah, I figured like, you know, if we include like all three potentially four sections, it would look quite long. So yeah actually. Mess with that. You might see a fourth section in the accordion because I decided to see if maybe like when we have media relating to like market news and stuff like that that we could potentially also throw it in there depending if it's relevant. Yes, did somebody put their hand up? Oh okay. Yes. Thank you and then yeah so just seeing how everything would look. This is the expanded version if we didn't want an accordion it would probably like just hint more at it. Looking looking more like widgets instead of like the full section. But yeah, that is that. And then yeah just looking at how the media section might also look as well. So that is update for this iteration. This is great. I mean can you zoom out to a 30,000 foot view? I cannot even believe how many screens you create now. I meant just to your whole document. Like look at this. This is absolutely bananas like this is this is just like really thoughtful iteration and a lot of dedication and work like like honestly Serena is passionate about this stuff you can tell. Which I really appreciate Serena and it's beautiful. I think it's great work. So can you zoom in for your desktop version on like one of the two heroes we were looking at? Yeah. So okay couple questions that I have and this is just to the entire group. You know one of our hypothesis as we were entering this this project was that or not even a hypothesis one of our findings is that most users don't scroll very deep on this homepage. There's a pretty dramatic drop off rate once the once you get to I think like our prices section right now. And so what Serena is trying to do here in many of her iterations. She's got this jump menu which kind of shows the user what's down below the fold maybe maybequest their interest maybe doesn't whether or not it's a good idea or would get used? I don't know. This is something that maybe we want to implement some user testing on. But what she's also done here is that that toggle between latest and trending. If you were to change that toggle to trending it would then repopulate presumably all the news right. The thing is like some of the news might have crossover between latest and trending. That's why I do like an either or I think in one of Claudine's version she had latest and trending in the same view. And because there probably will be crossover between latest and trending. I don't know that that we want to go that route. So if we do want to. But what I do love about this is I love the number one most read today number two most read today. I think those are really interesting. I wonder if that should get more like more weight than you're giving it there like you know what I mean do we do we leverage the spots above it as number one and number two. I'm not sure. Especially if they changed it to trending if I went to trending it almost feels like this hierarchy should be based off of one, two, three, four, five, six, seven or something like that to me, but I'm not. I'm not really sure. I'll pause there. Those are just my thoughts as you were kind of going through it as I was seeing this. But I think there's a lot of really strong work here. I agree with your take on the trending and that's why I kind of like brought it up in the document in the first place that to reinforce people. So yeah. I like where they are. They could be probably somewhere else as well like the most read today pieces. But I wanted to comment specifically on the. Images like the blocks basically when I when you first opened it when you shared your screen I thought that that was a scroll section. Like I the the the visual of full image skinny bars made me think that oh like I can scroll in there. Like. Yeah there's there's no scrollbook that's just like the design. Yeah there's like something hiding you know below. Okay that's not how those two play together some users might be confused if they're just like side by side like that but so I didn't necessarily see it that way but but check this out. Yeah that is potentially confusing Ed I agree could we build logic in that would prevent overlap between trending and latest so just hypothetically not saying that I want to necessarily do this but just hypothetically let's stay right here Serena if we could that top article that she has would be the latest when we published then the this is nuts article would be the second latest we published then below that you see there's six slots and maybe we could even get in eight there. That could be the top eight stories that are trending right now we could have a call to action to view all of the latest you know somewhere on this but you could if we could build in logic that could separate latest and trending to where there isn't that duplicate so as soon as something that it was in the latest feed becomes one of our top red stories it would not be shown in the top two story slots it would. It would be fuck see I don't know how that would work. I'm just not sure if that's a good idea or not. Because. Because you those have visuals and they have a higher hierarchy but my thought was like the top two slots would be the latest two stories and then you leverage the six or eight slots below it to do like a top top eight for for today but I don't know that that's a good idea either because like I said. If the number two story today is also one of the top two latest stories you don't want to take it away from one of those top two spots and then put it in the bottom spot. Yeah. The modularity here is nice. I love that you introduced media player. I think we just got to figure out probably spend a little bit more time with that logic and try to see like what are other major publishers doing what what is new york times doing you know what is washington post doing with with latest versus trending and popular. That kind of stuff. Okay how other complications do yeah trending versus popular latest versus popular latest versus trending. Okay. But yeah I mean when I look at this I automatically see right now I see like essentially four revenue modules right I see the okayx module I see two sponsored posts and I see a press release and I see the unlock the Block pro thing plus we monetize the starting block directly, I don't think views will count from the website I'm not I kind of did a little bit of claud last week on that and it said actually if you embed a YouTube player on your website it actually can hurt you in terms of your views YouTube will like penalize you for that. But I need to do a little bit more sort of digging to find out last last time I heard yeah from from Alex's conversations it seemed like people that were using anything else but YouTube were getting dinged because like Google obviously it's the same same platform so they were like penalizing if you were doing anything else well maybe if you don't have an autoplay it's good that's what I meant when I need to look into it maybe that's okay if you like I frame in a YouTube player and it's not auto playing maybe YouTube treats that differently. But my question would cloud cloud code last week.

### You (2026-04-20T14:16:43.686Z)

What do you mean? Yeah?

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:17:16.678Z)

Suggested that if you embed a YouTube player on your site to and have it autoplay to boost numbers because your site gets a lot of traffic that YouTube will actually penalize you for that they're not they don't see that as favorably like they're like yeah obviously YouTube has thought of that like no point oh maybe maybe some of the YouTube perspective that your YouTube algorithm will be hurt your website.

### You (2026-04-20T14:17:35.366Z)

I see what you're saying. Yeah.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:17:43.318Z)

Yeah yeah I think maybe so maybe so I'm not or maybe they just don't even count those plays if it's auto playing so it's. Anyway that's kind of an aside obviously but that is something to fully understand more before we just throw a video player up on the site like trying to understand like okay what is the actual best practice here to not hurt YouTube and to also. You know make it to where. I guess we're able to get that ad revenue. Any thoughts on on whether or not a jump nav makes sense this is something honestly we probably just would need to use our test and see if any users would even care to do that. Like you know interact with that.

### You (2026-04-20T14:18:27.526Z)

I'm not sure what the consensus is when it comes to everybody, but I personally use those, especially when it comes to busy websites. It's like I came here to look at something specific. Then I tend to jump and I'm just a fan of scroll based animations and stuff like that. So whenever it's just a nice smooth scroll. It's just satisfying to me. But yeah, so personally, I like it and I use it whenever I see it on a website, but I don't know what.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:18:56.518Z)

Cool.

### You (2026-04-20T14:18:56.566Z)

It comes to a lot of people.

### Guest (2026-04-20T14:19:02.038Z)

Yeah I was gonna say personally I forgot that there was a slight difference I made with the mobile since we do have more people accessing the site on mobile I thought maybe like we wouldn't include that and we would include I forgot to mention this little like yeah that that little bottom nav idea again it would potentially conflict with this little baby banner yeah sticky banner we have so I'm not sure if that's a viable option. But it could be if we want to include a jump nav that's not stuck to this header here or this hero here probably yeah that probably would be like dev decision like what can we do and what makes sense like maybe once you close the. Ad cuz all people like a lot of people close the ad right away so it could have just appeared after you know you close it there's some sort of solution out there that we could figure out so. Not too worried about I really like the bottom allegation. My my biggest issue with a jump nav is that it feels to me like it kind of competes with the primary navigation and can you go back to the other one Sean and then we'll come back to mobile for just a second like when I look at or any of those that had the jump nav yeah you see news data research prices up top and then you see news prices data research media in the jump nav and as a user I might be like I might see the prices thing you know in the jump now first click that and then it's gonna scroll me down to a prices widget if you want to call it that and I'm gonna think like huh this is their prices page or whatever and I may not I mean I guess my thing my thinking is just that it's a little bit it's a little bit of a overlap with the primary navigation having a jump nav like this and I don't know if that's problematic or not again it probably would help to do some user testing here. It'd be testing to see like if the jump nav. Well yeah there needs to be user testing to see like what clicks are like between the two is it oh sorry go on no I was gonna change the topic go ahead oh I was gonna say is it a matter of just switching like the wording like we wouldn't call it the same thing prices and data and research it would just be like today's markets to today's markets yeah yeah. Maybe yeah and then what's your next one called research? Yeah this one's just called research well yeah I think you're right Serena I think that if these felt more. Like more like where they already feel like sections but if it felt like especially the markets when it's perfect like jump to today's markets cool I'll just jump down to today's markets. I like that better. Than repeating the same words that we have in our primary navigation. Could be like long form or something or like some sort of other word for yeah. Right right I could just say like latest research or whatever feature featured research yeah if we. One of the biggest things that people utilize is the latest news page on that go so I guess collect crypto news latest. Would that be the CTA that leads you to that page. Because right now right now what people press is that like right the H1 eyebrow the eyebrow yeah or the or the C all latest news that's on the left hand rail so here if you click on latest obviously it'll be the drop down but then maybe in crypto news would lead you just there. What do you think about that is it weird to have that H1 or whatever. In your design and your mind is that weird to have that like click through or is that intuitive enough? I mean we could play with it to make it look more intuitive at the moment right now most of these like for example more or today's markets they're not meant to be clickable or like links I know like right now on the current website they are. So we could make them look more interactive if we want to if when it comes to this specific section with crypto news. Tell you what if this latest toggle didn't exist and the see all button was right next to crypto news just as a as a you know it wouldn't exactly it wouldn't have to be that large but like you know then what we do is we just create logic that allows us to show a sampling of our latest and then the top three stories in like the and so where you have most red today most red today within sponsored maybe those are the top three red stories and then every story above it is. Our latest and if it falls out of latest but becomes a top red story then it would populate one of the the others but otherwise if it's still within the like the top five latest stories it doesn't need to be featured as as a most read maybe or something like that. I know that might be not making sense right now, but it makes sense in my head yeah yeah. It's okay we can okay yeah sorry what if more what if more window was for top red stories? What do you mean by that sorry like move the sponsored and press releases oh thing and then keep that top right for like what you need to renovate. Yeah something like that. And then yeah bottom like we could keep this saying sponsored or like this is press release yeah right right right yeah I think especially if it's gonna be like more similar to this I'll leave this out the way and then these look a little more interchangeable. Than this could be yeah a little like it would blend in. As well. Yeah I like that. Yeah, I like that. So so those would be sponsored and press releases down below they would they would essentially be revenue modules and then the and then the right rail would be. Most red. Yeah. And then the left would just be latest crypto news then you could keep the see all or you could keep the H one sort of like locked up with like a Sea Alba and which would be a shortcut for the user to get to all crypto news and then your jump nav could be a little bit more like we talked about earlier you know more like section based rather than type based content. One thing that I haven't seen yet on this and it's totally fine because there's a million things you've already included but we probably will owe pie market stuff like I don't know once we're gonna get one when we're gonna get to the implementation of this but like I think. They'll ask us like where is the homepage by market chart you know those widgets like is that stuff that we should think about as well like all the all the stuff that we have already it's on there isn't it?

### You (2026-04-20T14:27:14.566Z)

Would that not be today's markets? Yeah. Watch and learn Ed. Ward.

