---
granola_id: 6268cd9e-f8d0-4d73-85d8-0b9455f482cf
title: "Research (Pro Future) - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-03-31T14:30:48.677Z
updated: 2026-03-31T15:04:14.490Z
attendees: 
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - szheng@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Research (Pro Future).md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Research (Pro Future)

### Guest (2026-03-31T14:30:51.997Z)

Oh, I don't know. I think maybe we've been on. Yeah, on the same calls, probably. Yeah. Ocean. Basically.

### You (2026-03-31T14:31:00.599Z)

Well yeah a while back when you guys were conducting the original.co audit it was like when I first started. And then.

### Guest (2026-03-31T14:31:09.597Z)

Yeah. So Sean's been our. Our APM and basically helping us out in both up and mat out with all the, you know, handling. Co. And campus as well as pro. Nice. And this conversation is about Pro. So what we've been tasked with is basically taking a look at pro and sort of assessing what we have there. And what, you know, we potentially could do, whether starting from scratch or salvaging what we have. The, you know, potentially with the potential of, you know, Reviving it if the next CEO would wish to, to do that and, like, what will be our plan, essentially. So we just wanted to pick your brain a little bit to see, like, what are the areas of. Areas for of strength, areas of weaknesses that we had on parole before and, like, any additions that you, like, wish we had the, the pro, whether it's specific features or, or, you know, design or whatever it may be. So within weeks, it, like, included in our. Synopsis on, on the, on the back. So I have to start to start maybe, you know, we can talk about what your thoughts were on why, like, obviously there was many factors to why it failed or why it was sunsetted. But maybe one of the reasons why. It didn't stick with the customers as much as it could have from your pov. Yeah. I think, I think the. I think the product wasn't bad structurally. Like, I mean, it proved. A product market fit for a while, right? A peak, maybe some context will be useful, especially for Sean, since he wasn't here during, I guess, I guess our peaks with pro at peak Pro made up. 50 of the Block's revenue, and that was around. Has to be like four years at this point. So at peak, we're like, like it was like a 10 million dollar business in the Block overall is like a 20 million dollar business. Right. So it was generating 10 million dollars a year via subscriptions directly to pro, like this with these where people who sign up for seats and reading the probe. So, like, overall structurally, I don't think there was an issue with pro. I think. I think the problem is just the market just got away. From needing research. And then just needing to kind of kind of bring back investments due to the FTX fallout. And then after that blew up, we, you see onslaught of increased competition from, like, Delphi and Masari and, like, Block works all kind of, like, undercharging the, basically kind of taking loss on their research just to, just to build up subscriptions. Those strategies ultimately also fail for those businesses, right? Masari had to cut most majority of the research team now. They're like AI centric. Research firm, which means it gives you AI to generate the reports that he kind of. Researched for them as kind of in, like, similar in our sense. And, like, it's like more supplemental to their business, which is just venture at this point that he's mostly just a venture capital firm at this point. They even pivoted away from being extra business data. Block works is the only one that's actually doing good. But even then they're pacing less emphasis on research and more emphasis on data and then their podcast conference and stuff. So, yeah. That all said, like, of the two CEO candidates that we've interviewed, both of them said they want pro to be like a core part of the block because they still imagine. They still want the block to be sustained by reliable revenue sources. Right. So right now we're probably the same. I think we're like 80 ad base. Revenue, which is, I mean pays somewhat for the bills, but, like, it's not reliable. Like, you had to consistently renew that. Whereas, like, pro becomes like a SaaS model. You lock these guys in for a year. They usually just let it continue to renew without any pushback. Until death until something like FTX close up, they will just continuously renew. Yeah. So that all said, I think structurally there's nothing. There's no issue with the, with the pro website. Besides the fact that. Once the new CEO comes in, it's very likely that they're going to be start pushing us to be very data centric. Right. So you would imagine when we open Pro, and this is my imagining of what a both candidates have said. You imagine when we open Pro, it'll be very, very, it'll be like a centric homepage when you log in. Right. So right now, when we log into pro, you gotta, you got, I think, like on the home page, at least on pro, you get a very new centric, at least on the, like the left half of the home page you get views. Right. You get research and then you get one chart. You get one chart on the bottom right on the home page, and then you gotta just go through that chart of, like, on a fee. I would imagine when you visit pro. News was still probably and be, like, valuable. And then. But Theta will be a lot more valuable. So I would imagine someone visiting pro in the future would have a front page similar to the data dashboard. But maybe customize a little bit more based on their wants. And me saying that in the sense that I think we kind of worked on it on the pe side where we have been. We used to encourage when we had a lot of pro members to try to have them save their charts to their own custom dashboard. Right. We. I think we still have that as a feature. You can still save charts into your own private, like private charts dashboard. I would imagine when you open Pro, you, you'll be pushed with a lot of data centric stuff. Based around your account needs. And we probably would have something that, like, that can. Figure out what a user wants based on their viewership of the Block. Right. They view a lot of ETF stuff first, we would imagine. You would imagine when they sign on, they will see a lot of ETF charts first and foremost, and then they, they news stories centric to ETF, maybe even our ETF dashboard, like sections of the ETF dashboard on pro. So, yeah, I would say, like, in my ideal vision based on what, like, the CEO says it would be our Pro will be a lot more data centric, a lot more institutional centric. So institutional data points, like tokenization, ETFs prediction markets, stable coins, the things that people really care about the core, the core group of categories. And then. It would. Be adjusted. It'll be dynamic based on what the pro member likes to read or has signal that they want to read. Right. So maybe some, maybe a feature similar to X or Twitter when you sign when you first make an account, it gives you a list. Of topics. And then you like maybe a list of topics that we have already, right? Like, I mean, we already had these categories, right? So we, when they sign up, when they sign up for account media pop up over list, like, what are you interested in? Right. And then they can immediately tell you so you don't have to, you don't even really have to train our site to, to learn what a user wants. They can tell you directly first what they want, have a scroll, scroll list with check of check marks on different kind of categories. So when you sign in, what do you like to read? What is are you interested in? They check off stable coins ETFs thing and then you're. And then you have a default page based on those tags that we already tagged internally alongside the charts. And then as they continue to use it, it slowly. Morphs into something closer to what they want over time as they continue to read or recommendation engine. Yeah. So, yeah, personalization based stuff. Yeah, for sure. So it seems like that's what the CEO is pushing for. Like the data centric approach. Is that, is that you, are you aligned on that, too? Yeah, I think I am. The CEO has also said, like, we, we do, we should do a lot more like institutional centric research, but that's they still, they're still on the fence on that because there's a lot of pushback from the leadership team that said, well, like, we kind of tried a lot of research stuff, like people who sign up for pro even now, the people who currently still remain on pro do it purely for data. The reason that why they're still renewing their pro subs, even though we wouldn't figure, like when we, when we sunset at pro, like a year ago, we want to figure the line, what the number of subscribers would just continue a downtrend until near zero. But, like, it hits the downtrend and it hits a plateau somewhere, like last, last, last year, like Q3 or something like that. It hits a plateau and then it just stops. It stops going down. And then we realize, and then you probably know, you probably know this based on the data, we realize everyone that's signing on to pro, the first thing they do is still go towards the data, ask for data, downloads, do data themselves. So, yeah, the, the new CEO. Wants us to do a little more research, but they, they're that, that they're not there. They don't have a hard both of them. They don't have, like, a hard opinion on it. They both have hard opinions on data being very centric to, to like a pro subscription growth. Right. They know that data is, they know data is very important. They know, they know institutions asking for data. They know that data is sticky. One of them, one of the CEOs said basically once you, you, once your data is part of a large, larger firms process, they, they get too lazy to change it out. They don't. They want to risk changing the entire process that they have something that works. We kind of see that with bitwise. Right. They're wise used us from the very beginning and they, we basically have bitwise kind of locked in. I believe they still, they're still. Not a huge sub of the of pro, but they're, they've been a long term self because they just is just part of their entire process now. Whenever they decide to switch. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. Okay. Yeah, definitely. I mean, data is looking at the, at the numbers itself. It's, it's obvious that Theta has to be a core pillar of this product. Is there anything else like, you know, we've been talking about intelligence and, like, the sort of. The work in co engagement, really had focused on the fact that, like, a lot of people found, I don't know if it was or not, but their founding was that research members and the, like, expertise was a core pillar of what differentiated us. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a good. So, so, like, obviously, I don't think we're gonna, like, we probably would throw out connect or maybe just keep it there in case somebody stumbles upon that. But, like. Any other ideas on intelligence, because one, one of my thoughts was to try and. Like. Spread knowledge or, like, at least give examples to potential users or, or any, like, current users of the things our research team is able to assist with. Yeah. And it's like, obviously, it's stuff that doesn't scale well, but, like, those engagements turn clients into super happy campers and, like, it's easier to make deals with them. It's easier for them to, to renew subscriptions, etc. Etc. So, like. We, we have done so much great work in terms of helping them out with their Niche case studies and specific questions that they've had. But we don't never, we never talk about it. We've never, like, we never advertise. Like, yeah, we have professional services in our marketing page, and that's basically it. Like, we, we don't go into the specifics and we don't report on any of these engagements that we've done. And, like, what the outcomes were. So is, is there something there or you mentioning that actually reminds me one of the potential CEOs kind of the candidates mentioned that they want to, they want to go big on. Community building. And we mentioned that we used to have a slack group, but he understood, like. Like a lot of institutions couldn't use slack because of their regulation regulation of various rules. Like, you can use slack and stuff like that. I wonder if. Using connect, we could have some sort of chat live community chat function. I'm not sure how hard that is to build, but, like, when you visit the block, there's always, there's like a chat box where people, subscribers of the Block had. Like, communicate with each other. I'm not sure how useful that is. Delphi found some success earlier with their Discord group, and I think it slowly dies out. And I think these things kind of naturally die out if there's no active presentation. But the active participation can be from the Block side. Right. And that active presence of age might encourage other people, other members to subscribe. That was always my kind of. Not, I guess, always, but that was always, that was, like, part of my vision for connect, but it ended up being like we had to do it via, like, zapier or whatever, like the chat group, the chat box. And then when they chat box it, it goes to, like, some email, email kind of server thing. And then we have to respond via the email thing. It becomes very messy. I feel like if there's, like, you can still use it could still be, you can still use the connect module, right? When you click connect and it opens up, it will be like a chat function, and then we can give categories, we can get different channels. Right. This is more casual talk. This is more like stable coin talk. This is. A break. So bring Discord basically into pro. Yeah. And then have, like, dedicated channels that we think are popular, like stable coins, defi ETFs. And then whenever there's views, it can automate automatically publishing to that channel as well, right on top of our newsfeed, you can publish into those channel as a bot and then it almost becomes like a telegram group of sorts, right? You can publish instead of pot. And then people can comment, right? People can react to it. People can comment under it. Like our telegram group. Our telegram news channel is pretty newsfeeds pretty popular. It's 20. I didn't want. I want like the 20 K subs to it. And people sell this specifically just to get the Block's news. So I would imagine we can get the same number of demand there, obviously Pro will be much smaller, but I don't know. We could even, we could even consider it being like. If you're a pro member, you could comment, but even not a program, but you could still subscribe to that chat Block channel, right? Just to encourage more people to live on the Block versus live on telegram, because that's, that's 20k audience members on telegram that we don't really have access to. Like, we don't even show ads on it. And if we activate ads on it, we can't control the ads that we show. Like, I think telegram ads actively telegram ads, telegram decides what ads they show on your channel and you get a portion of fees, but why not bring those 20K subscribers to the blocks connect channel where you can get access to any new all of the blocks news. And then we can also break it, break them down by channel based new stable coin use, defy news XRP news. And you get a rolling feed of you get a rolling feed of those news in the channel. You live on the Block. You, you more frequently visit the block. And then if you're a pro member, you can actually comment on those news and communicate over other people and researchers alongside. And so, so like non member non pro members could see constant communication between the Block researchers and various other people, and then they might get, like, incentivized to engage and to engage and might need to sub as well. Kind of a long shot there, but, like, at the very worst, we, we should bring those 20K telegram subscribers over to the Block's website so they can get a rolling feed of news. Like, you don't have to. If you want, if you're, if you're like, if you're used to a rolling feed of news, you can have it on the blocks connect or whatever we decide to rename connect. I mean, could still be connected could be the Block, you get news and stuff like that. That'll be nice. So, yeah, community building is a big one. That he wants to find out for one of the CEO candidates want to figure out a way to do that. Like he's saying Community based chats, regular calls, which we used to do. We mentioned them. We used to do these that we should try to figure out a way to restart those, either do X faces or something that we can host on site. Where, like, he actively engage with your community, because then you build that loyalty, you build that trust and then they come, they continue to visit you. Yeah, that is interesting. The third, we started talking about connecting, like, the community building. My first thought went to, like, commenting on our stories, like, not necessarily just siloing into a chat, you know, some sort of Forum, but, like, keep it all very topical, like, on the platform. So, like, for the ones that are, are actual subscribers and they are. Users of pro, they could, in the beginning, obviously, nobody would comment or nobody would engage because it's like, do you need to have a lot of users first? You know, it's hard to feel like, you know, not an echo chamber. But, like, the, the researchers and, and editorial could sort of, like, be the, the first ones. It's sort of like Block bytes, but, like, not in a different way. It's, it would be just, like, commenting and, and providing, like, another, like, lens of how we can sort of talk about it in a closed room rather than just, like, in the open on that go. Like, if you open comments on that call. It's one thing. But if you open comments on that Pro, that's a whole different story. And you can start thinking and talking about the topics that, like, you know, could potentially stay behind closed doors or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. It had to be like filter by Pro members, right? For, like, just the permissioning because, like, we're in crypto and if you open this for everyone, it's just gonna be spam filled with, like, promotions of a Ponzi coins and stuff like that. Yeah. No, you can't, you can't have it. You can't have it for non paying members. So if it did on co, then it would have to be like, you know, only for print for paid members. But on Pro, like, there could be another way of sort of bringing the block bytes aspect of value to. Those programs. Yeah, that would be. Yeah, that, I think that's, I think that's good. I think. Yeah. Like, I will be more willing to engage with someone via Blockbite and the mites for you. Right. When I tweet, I just tweet and people commented on it. I'm not gonna. I rarely reply to them because you don't know who's commenting for a gate for, like, promotions of their thing or not. But via the Block Pro more willing to comment, engage with someone, the research team as well. Yeah. Community building is a big. It should be a big focus as well. Data and community building. But, yeah, I think. I think the core pieces for the Sea, the candidates is just like we need to find a way to make customers more sticky data seems to have proven that it's a way to keep customers sticky community building will be another way, but that's going to be a lot harder because the network affects and then, like, the regulations and rules around how permissions these people have on commenting on chat boxes are very strict. Like, we're not even sure if we build is like, if, like, Fidelity probably can't use it. Bitwise might not even be able to use it. And if it did, then it's just not might not work, right? Because there's the rule around is our social that they, a lot of these just can't comment, can use outside chat functions without, like, proper regulations. Which, like, which, like, it's like, it's like very, very fair. Like a big chunk of our subscribers are institutions, and they just probably can't use it. Right. They just, they just maybe, probably even use on our, in our. Chat box that we build on site so they will. Yeah. So, I mean, that's, that's, that's a, that's more of a higher, like, risk thing where, like. They, the candidates know immunity building is important, but, like, trying to figure out a way where it works for everyone. It's going to be a lot harder. Yeah. It's almost like a also reinforcement thing rather than. Like, getting, trying to get users with it. Like, it's a feature that once you start to have, like, a lot of subs, you have a lot of different backgrounds. You sort of, like, try to invest in it and, like, really retain that core and provide them more value to stick around rather than to join because I feel like I feel like. You know, it's not that enticing to pay x amount of money for specifically that. So, like, we have to provide products and services that would satisfy their other or, like, solve their other problems, and then that would be a nice cherry on top to, to really, like, feel them, like, they're at home. Make them feel like. Yeah. Yeah. We also do, like, I guess kind of a bad job promoting ourselves, right, like new features. Like, we all often launch new features, and it's, we don't promote it ourselves. Like, a lot of people didn't know. I probably still don't know that we have, like, a data that has, like, theo's dashboard, right? Like a private dashboard. Like. There could be something where, like, we constantly wrote there, there could be, like, a thing where there's, like, a place where we constantly promote new whatever new thing that we launch on the block when. When you visit. When you visit the homepage, right? Like just in new, new, new data, that new charts on the data dashboard. Right. We're launching data that new charts, like on a very rapid pace these days, like every, every few days we relaunch five or six new charts we've been using Twitter as our main thing, but, like, which of you promoting that on the Block as well? Right? Like, even not, not even the, not even the pro itself. Like when you visit the Block Co. Whenever you launch new charts, you should be. There should be. You should be able to see any new charts. Which right now you don't. Right. Because it's a, it's a news, very new Centric thing. There's no, I guess there's no. Like, there's no, there's no real place. I mean, there, there's some. Placement areas where we can promote it right now. Right. Like access. We're probably going to stop doing the access at some point. Right. And we use that slot to promote. Charts. Yeah, we, we need to, we need to rethink the whole data experience because that's been my touch. I mean, it's in our roadmap. It's just like prioritizing. But, yeah, that's, that's definitely agreed upon that. We don't do a good enough job on advertising on anything that, like, users don't. Potential clients don't know what we have to offer. Marketing page is not enough to make them do the reading. You know? Okay. But, yeah, I think in summary, it'll be just a big Centric. It used to be one data, just data going. It doesn't matter which CEO we choose data is going to be number one. Of mine for them. And then two community building. And that's very, very loose. There's no one really has a real good definition on one community building is ideas involve. Like X faces regularly engaging with, like, the broader community and then, and then more intimate discussions with the prose community, which either, like, one CEO pitch. Like regular dinners, right? Even regular dinners with, like, big institutions. Like, he even, like. And this is like the former fox guy even pitched. Like, we should, we should, like, show out money to, like, invite them to large sporting events and, like, he's like, sound city, but silly, but, like, that's how you lock down big deals for these guys. Like, you lock you bring them to sporting events. Shout out a few tens of thousands of dollars. Then they, you bring them in and then you lock down million dollar deals for a long time. So, like, he wants to go in and go big on community building. But that's a very, very loose term. Right. He doesn't have that. So beta community building. And then, and then, like the north star of sorts is, like, find a way to kind of embed yourself in fact infect yourself into their, into their process that they like it becomes very annoying for you to get rid of you, right? Like you want to be so important, such a regular part of the process that even if you're not the most valuable tool, if you're 90 there, they're not going to work, they're not going to risk that extra 10% take to change to someone else. We found that out of, like, masari, some of the sari stuff. Right. Like masara was clearly a worst tool. But one of their members was deciding on deciding on whether they should, like, replace the moves to Block like we spoke. We went on a few calls with them. They even, like, straight up told us, like, masari starting research is terrible. Like, they don't care about their AI is bad, their data is not good. And we were, we were very, like, we were very sure that they're going to, they were going to migrate to us and then, like, a few days later, they're like, hey, the team said they, like, the broader, like, his broader, like, junior team who've been using massage across the, like, he's like, like, hey, the team said they're, they're comfortable with Messari right now, so they're, they want to still just renew the stuff. It's, it's like Messari is clearly like the, the guy who spoke to us straight up totally, like, the part of his eye as good as the Block from the, from the demo he got. But, like. It's just suck. It's just part of their process. So embed his houses, like, they don't want to change it anymore. So, like, that's like, like, that's the goal. That's the north star of sorts for the pro side where, like, You're in again, like, that's. No, that's not a really, not a really concrete thing, but, like, you, you should, you should find a way. To take away line from them from the former Fox guy was like, they'll take, you should just find a way to kind of infect their process. Right. You want to be so deeply embedded that it's going to be very hard to take you out of their process. Makes sense. Yeah. Any questions, Sean?

### You (2026-03-31T14:59:23.879Z)

Obviously you covered so much Steven thank you that was very like I don't have many questions I guess the last thing before we head out do you think because I know masari they're deep into their AI stuff and it sounds like they do most of their research with AI, which I think. Is I mean it's not it's not great honestly because AI it gets I'm sure you've noticed it gets blocked and it only has so many capabilities. But do you think that like Simon AI what we already have can play any sort of part in the Block Pro.

### Guest (2026-03-31T14:59:57.837Z)

I, I am positive on Simon AI. We just haven't had the base to build. It to work to, like, really test if someone, a lot of things, a lot of the things that we launched, we have, we didn't, we launched during the downtime, the post FTX blow up. Right. So we didn't really have a testing in place for, for us to see if these products actually have a lot of people engaging with it, right? Even campus courses, which why, why I've been really going hard with Jeff on just at least selling the sponsored courses out for, like, very cheap just to test the market. We haven't really have a place to test market. And while I'm bullish on Simon, I feel like even with a lot of, even with pro subs in the beginning, there's not going to be a lot of people using it. There's just a very small base, so I'm not sure what we want to do with it. I mean, we can, if we want, we can open it up to the, to like a broader to like our broader base. Right. Like non pro subs and see if people use it. I'm not sure if that's expensive for us to do, but, like, see if people use it. Like, I always like to at least test, test if there's a market for a product before we, like, shut it down. Right. So, like, I think. Me vibe wise, I feel like Simon AI is still useful enough that if someone would were to, like, visit the block and ask, hey, what's the market cap of usdc or something like that? And it would push that and then they'll find value on that. But we don't have, we, we never had, like, we don't have a trailing history of. Data to prove that it's something that people want and. But we also don't have a trailing history of people to do to prove that it's, like, not something people want. Right. We just don't have. We just don't have the data there. So I, I kind of want to lean on testing it out somehow, like, either making it free just to see if there's demand there. And then if there is a demand, shut it down as quick as we can. Right. But I would personally, I would lean that there is some value there, but I haven't used it. Well, I'm not, I guess I'm not the perfect target audience for it, but, like, I haven't used it. I feel like it is important and it is valuable. But we don't have proof that it is. But we also have don't have proof that it isn't. So I guess my, just some data is like, we should find a way to test it, right, either to make it free for all to use it or find us some way to prove that there is the man. And I don't have to answer to how we can prove demand there. Okay. Yeah. I think that it definitely would have more. Value serving as a free tool. And, like, surfing our website. For specific things rather than. Rather than. Like, adding as another value prop for institutional clients. Yeah. Their needs are so different and so Niche that it's. Like. The, it's a very generalist tool that could be, that could help you navigate our site if you think, if you, if you prefer that mode of navigation as opposed to, like, doing the research and coming up with specific, very specific answers for you. You know? Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think so. I think, I think the target audience for these, for at least this type of AI thing is like a broader retail audience than an institutional audience. They're not like institutions are not going to ask our, our built in house AI for stuff. I don't think they are because they're already paying you. Why not just directly speak to the person versus, like, speak to a chat box chat? Bot?

### You (2026-03-31T15:03:43.879Z)

Fessor.

### Guest (2026-03-31T15:03:46.077Z)

Okay. Appreciate the inside, Steven. I'm not gonna use too much of your time. So we'll take that. We'll, we'll. We'll. Synthesize it. And, yeah, we'll, we'll. Produce something. So thanks for your takes and for the insights they've shared. All right. Thanks.

### You (2026-03-31T15:04:08.599Z)

Yeah thanks Steven man this is great.

### Guest (2026-03-31T15:04:08.717Z)

All right. I.

### You (2026-03-31T15:04:12.279Z)

Later guys.

