---
granola_id: a350585c-fda3-44a4-a200-15f245ef8253
title: "SEO Weekly Sync - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-16T15:00:59.037Z
updated: 2026-04-16T15:29:34.960Z
attendees: 
  - mvitebsky@theblock.co
  - kbaspinar@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - mprice@theblock.co
  - npivcevic@theblock.co
  - ajames@theblock.co
  - tim@theblock.co
  - bmendoza@theblock.co
  - alebedyev@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/SEO Weekly Sync.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: SEO Weekly Sync

### Guest (2026-04-16T15:01:45.670Z)

Is it scary? Not scary actually when I see the data right now. It was a little scary. Yeah. Because when they roll it out, they call the metrics fail. And if you look at ahref, sometimes it's like false positives or negatives. And you see, like decline in every front. And then you think, okay, I'm done. And then in like two weeks, it goes back to normal. Exactly. Yeah. Is this why our interrupts could have failed because it started the probably not right? It's not related. All those errors that we had. I think it trucks is fine. Like the last crawl was what 94. Yeah. Yeah. Two weeks ago. Two weeks ago we had everything like in the shitter. Basically like it was a problem. I guess it was actually a bug that someone fixed, right? Nicola fixed it. It was about like some canonical stuff. And somehow one bug dropped the score like 34. Yeah. So I think it wasn't actually like a bug, but we had like a link to a third party website and their page started a returning 404 and href. Kind of since this is this was in our footer and like on every page and like if you have a link to a kind of broken page. It kind of tracks that as an error. And then like every page basically was had an error on it. What page was this? It was a link to lens. What was the I shared? It's not there was another issue. I don't remember which reason one but the other issue affected only like a subset of pages. I think data pages or. I was just waiting on Matt and Michael callers going a little over. Yeah, it was about price pages. Yeah. I'm checking our conversation. Yeah, canonical for Price pages. I can only cover Price. Just a random question. Just continuing our conversation while we're waiting for. Matt and. Mike, when you implemented. The translations. In different foreign languages on the site. How long did it take you to like receive results? Like how long was the. One year and two months? It takes a while. Because the Google crawl, it's usually like it depends on the priority they give the crowd budget and everything. So like probably the initial three months it was getting some attention, maybe 20% of pages were indexed. Then it dropped when it became. We like made this issue with mixed content. It kind of started degrading and be updated and went up. And then we started like rolling out other languages. So like the total process of from ground zero. To actually get in 30% of traffic from translated pages took a year and two months probably. And it's 14 languages, different regions, but it actually gave a 30% more revenue. Pretty much from from around us. And like you need to be patient, but it's going to pay off. To know. There it like now it's becoming even more important because it was the last update they started prioritizing the local publishers more than English. So it's almost. I assume it's going to be much more difficult to rank in other countries if they're they have local like let's say in Korea given that they have like naver and other search engines. They're not using Google a lot. Plus you need to have Korean. Oh, by the way, correct. Have you submitted like all this stuff? Do you have like yandex being neighbor, baidu and all this stuff? We have. We have been also checking the traffic from bing, but not other engines. We have few. Quite few traffic coming from those. When you check the GA. Do you think we should? Bring this like musthel and also like I would suggest doing yandex yandix is the ration one. Yeah, but the thing is it powers the Turkish market because they have yandextr, which like Turkey now because of the war. Like it's a hub for all the eastern europe and so on and so forth. So like if you want to run higher in Turkey, Google maybe not the right. We have like Google TR, but they have yand xtr, which also drives a lot of traffic. So I would suggest just registering the account there. Okay. Okay. And like naver and like Baidu is like china and kit actual physical numbers. So like I was just creating. Fake international numbers and registering in Korea. And then, like you submit the same way. And it's, it kind of effective because they like use browser differently and they're not looking at Google a lot. Yeah. I think we should have everybody. I think a lot of the. Other team members are. At the conference. Yeah, I'm just not going to show up. Okay, we can get started. Okay. Mo's Matt. Okay. So yeah. Today I will share my Google core update report. As you know, last week rollout finished and I have six days compared data six days before rollout and after rollout. So I compared this data on Google analytics and search console. So overall. So far the data with the six days compared. We have positive almost in every dimension. We have positive metrics and total views increased more than 16% and sessions increased and new users also increased a lot in this time, which means that after the core update rollout completed, Google started to fail us somehow. But again, like, I think we have time to see the full picture as well. Like maybe 10 days. And also organic new users increased and engaged sessions increased engagement rate is increased a lot as well. When we look at the Google search console, clicks also groove and CTR also improved a little bit, but it's again about the impression decline, which is like Google just announced last week about this inflated impression numbers. So it is normal for us to see the decrease in depression numbers. And also Google discover performance last week after Quora dates rollout completed and Google news as well. We see like 26% increase in discover clicks and also impressions increase in this part as well, although impressions are inflated. Impressions are decreasing. But Google discovered didn't affect it from that decrease. And Google news also increased a lot clicks increased 67% in this last six days compared to previous one. And also impressions increased more than 50% Geographic highlights US traffic increase 23% UK increase 22%. Germany is like there's a strange thing I need to also check more deeper 143% increase in the last six days after the core update rollout completed. And also notable ones like Spain 41 and there is also decrease this also needs to check 65% decrease in China traffic. AI refund also cloud and chat GPT combined increase. One is 28% cloud and ChatGPT 10% This is I'm going into details. Net user growth is more than 18% and engaged sessions 20% We can say like so far the data that we have after six days. This is a positive. And better traffic. We can see from the latest picture. And also use active users all are increasing in the same amount of. Percent. Google organic volume and engagements new user increase in Google specific more than 20% and sessions increased 19% This is news pages specific performance the last week 38% increase in traffic and sessions also increased 30% This is the arm section first time in a while I see increase in the resection. I am actively working on those pages metadata and I will now start to work on their content as well and also we are adding some new sections. We will add some new sections content Q&A blocks and FAQs to those pages and these pages will perform better. And right now I am working on existing content. But when we start producing more evergreen especially for learn we will see a lot of AI llm traction and also Google traction for those pages. Yeah. Sorry the last two weeks or what's the time frame on the learn this is six days after Google core updates rollouts completed and before. During core update. Yeah. Thank you. This is data slash crypto markets category and views increased sessions increased. Drop in new users. And data ETFs section also there is more than 20% increase in total use and session increased. 10% Price pages also like the growth is like every page every page type almost is around 20% which means like a steady and we can say that we can read this as a post core update study growth. Treasury is also almost 20% increase in the last six days. And the only thing that we are losing traffic and interest is ratings pages as we discuss Matt, I'm working I started to work on those pages how we can increase how we can increase the how we can increase the traffic on organic and organic and also llm. So I will work on that. I think this is mostly EETA signals causing those drops and lack of interest for those pages because technically there is no problem so far when I audited the pages. So that needs to be like a content improvement and update for the pages. Geographic performance as I mentioned US is dominant of course and Germany coming second and then united kingdom and canada. And just pain and china because one is showing us strong roads. The other is strong huge decrease. AI referral traffic again. Increase almost 10% and clothes also 28% around. Google search console. Yeah I also. More almost 50% increase in clicks this time and 10% decrease in impressions. But this is also. As I said about the googles latest. Fixes. This is Google discover. We have a good jump this week in Google discover. Which is also a good sign that Google started to favor us this week for our news articles. Google news also performing well more than 60% increase in clicks. And also although impressions are increasing as well. CTR. Is steady. So. We can say that in overall so far the overall data shows us. In the last after in the first six days of rollout completion. We are in a good position right now because two weeks ago we were facing some drops. We will see like in 10 days that if we keep continue this momentum we can easily say that this core update fully favored us. But so far the data looks good. Yeah, that's all. Awesome. Thank you, Karai for putting this together. So given that the update is now like fully rolled out are we confident that these trends you think will continue or flash in the pan. What do you think it's usually from the experience it should you know like. These breaking there are some breaking points. And these are these breaking points like rollout completion rollout starts. You can see drops and you know like sudden drops and sudden spikes. But for instance after these kind of rollout completions and if you have like an increasing momentum you need to see this keeps going. Here. Awesome. Aleks your first SEO meeting with us. Any thoughts? No actually it's really helpful and I was just in parallel looking at stats that cry posted. I think that's like it's still tricky to me to understand the data that Google reports with like core updates. It may take even longer. So I'm not sure if the growth is real or not. So like it's really hard to tell like maybe in two weeks we will see a better picture because some sites are getting hit and some like are getting traffic and it's like unclear if it's really. A good start or bad or it's like it's still they have some bugs. But great. If you want I can show you a few things about the rating stages. Like if you analyzed all there's like some duplicate H1 tags on some pages. We can. We can do it offline if you want. Yeah, of course. Of course. Yeah. I just wanted to ask Corey like I've been looking at like this chart and it kind of makes me worried and sorry like if I can share. And it's probably like what you mentioned like you know they're updating but like it's still like kind of this this traffic for the last month right the search traffic right seems like very much slower than what we had like previous months and I'm kind of like is this like what what is suggested that this is being fixed by Google right or is this really like lower search performance over the last month? Actually for impressions? Yes there is a fix because Google also you know they like for a year they were having. Inflated data they were presenting to everyone. So for this latest drop it was mostly related to our also discover performance and our news pages dropped a little bit in the last month. But also like they are announcing and some core updates kind of. But they are also they have also some unannounced updates as well kind of fixations. These kind of issues can. Cause and we have also two back to backs back to back updates in the in the last month and which affected a lot of and also these updates affected many people really bad because it was one of the most heated core updates. And yes as Alek said like we need to wait a little bit to see the exact exact number. But so far we can say that in the first week impression from the data. We can say that we have an increasing momentum but yes we need to wait and see how this is going to go up. Yeah just like for me like I know like it's also been talked to that like oh there are like bigger news than crypto like that people are like spending yeah kind of worrisome like we went from I don't know 6,000 clicks over weekdays right to I don't know like 4,000 something like this so yeah just like yeah something that I was yeah. I also have an interesting chart so if you oh my screen I haven't already talked about. Specifically talking about our Nux 4 migration so this is. Search results on Google search type news so I guess this is just like the news articles. For the past six months and specifically the atsr and nuxt might next full migration. I believe this is when we completed the rollout you can see that the clicks sort of where the pressed and then we enter the holiday season. But then we sort of like after the holiday season ended we. Like return to normalcy. And like it was it was interesting to me in February we had such huge spikes and we had a lot of these. Like loan articles that were just going viral like they were just randomly getting like thousands and thousands of impressions and views. But that then that sort of stop and ever since it's just been like kind of muted so you can see like prior prior to next world we were like around you know peak 2k clicks. But then it's sort of like I guess this is an important chart to monitor as well if we after this. SEO or if this is Google core update it we rebound back towards the same. Flick numbers. And then the web. At the web store pattern. For February I would say it was everywhere like every site had such a like the crypto industry was hot because of the regulation and all the news so it was like it's expected it's not only the Block it's everyone we're hitting like hard like really good numbers and then it went down so I would say kind of it matches the pattern from what I saw on other sites. So it's not like specific to to the block. And can you check the disco? Yeah discovery was crazy in February as well as Niv stories were really hot. And also like in the beginning of March also the war started. And also yeah. Discover looks relatively healthy. Compared to, you know, I wasn't trying to point out like max four issues or whatever. I'm just like little news actually. Is really promising. A lot of spikes. Lately so yeah let's continue monitoring things. Yeah but you know like I think we need also like a steady traffic not just Google discover or news but our evergreen pages needs to be looked to over. Yeah sorry finished yeah yeah yeah you know like that's mentioning like learn data these pages are really. Important for steady traffic so we need to. Invest in more on those areas as well. Did you take a look at our ETFs like the prices pages the one you show to look like it was data prices? Like we have data charts on their dashboard that are referred to prices, but specifically a forward slash prices sections and ETFs. We were so hot with our xrp. Exactly is yeah xrp is not so much relevant right now so yeah all that has been muted. Yeah. Sorry one thing I wanted to show you is oh you can see the model give me one second to reshare. You can see the extension okay it's not showing up okay I apologize yeah, so like under ratings page just look at the schemas on the like individual rating pages it uses the global org schema so it's not like it may be worse adding just article not the news article but article schema because now it says it's just like a generic one and also like on every page you have double H1 tag which may confuse Google because the cookies that you have in one trust like the opt out message is present on every page so on every page you have the header for the page, but also in the HTML you have duplicated H1 tag which is like a large signal about what are you writing about is basically opt out of cookie preferences. It's also included so there's maybe a bug in the one trust the way the cookie consent is rendered because it's present in the HTML and it like it may affect your traffic to to this thing so that like the ratings I think is like got hit because you don't have the schema you're not telling Google that is basically article pages and at the same time the the frequency of content if you look at the landing page in the new articles are published you see it's like 3633 214 and basically Google will not. Rank you higher because of you you guessed right like EET signals especially after the update it wants your like topical authority and it wants to like understand that you're an expert here. But the content is being published rarely so and Google does not read this section of website as actually a frequent page to update because you have a static schema for like the generic page and it just looks at this like a besetic content rather than the, you know, the gold go to portal to to get the data. So I think like if you remove the H1s and like add the publisher like on each article the publisher is missing. And now after the update Google wants the proof and prioritizes someone with expertise in like if you add correct authors there and add like correct schemas, it will kind of tell google that we are an expert look this out are also publishers crypto news. But at the moment you have just an org schema and no authors on on this individual pages. That's why those are like not performing well. Yeah, maybe it's like if you get to click it's not a lot of code, but by adding those you will you will boost the traffic a bit down the line. Okay. Okay Ale, thank you I will I will have a look into them. Any other questions? Alrighty. Thanks cry thanks Alex thanks everyone for joining you guys.

### You (2026-04-16T15:29:29.974Z)

Thank you, Corey. Thank you, Alex.

### Guest (2026-04-16T15:29:29.990Z)

Thank you have a good day everyone.

### You (2026-04-16T15:29:31.894Z)

Later, guys.

