---
granola_id: 7f82d8be-72f7-4cb9-a4cd-82be9f0a807f
title: "Singular.live discussion/refinement - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-17T14:00:48.342Z
updated: 2026-04-17T14:52:43.300Z
attendees: 
  - dquinton@theblock.co
  - gjenkinson@theblock.co
  - bmendoza@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - npivcevic@theblock.co
  - jleech@theblock.co
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - zwang@theblock.co
  - jcarusi@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Singular.live discussion_refinement.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Singular.live discussion/refinement

### Guest (2026-04-17T14:01:00.691Z)

You're not in the Netherlands yet, are you? No, I had their Monday. Oh, I know. I know somebody else that's in the Netherlands, so I don't know if you guys will get a chance to have coffee or not. I live in Holland. Which is like 20 minutes outside of Amsterdam. I'm going to be in Amsterdam all next week. Okay, awesome to be in the city. I would love to grab coffee or a drink or something. Yeah, that sounds great. I mean, I can even come in. Yeah, like, spend half a day working there if you want to. Yeah. Coffee and property do something like that. That sounds good. Awesome. Nice. Are you like work holidaying or what's. What's the story? Yeah, I start this. So this started off as just a normal vacation for me, which is what I took off last week, and I was, you know, I was on, like, a proper family trip. My stepmom and my sister and I were doing something and then through, like, a sequence of events, I had. People along the way that were like, wait, there's event happening here, and then. Oh, there's an event in Amsterdam. And I was just like, I was told, Josh, I'm like, can I work abroad for April? And he was like, yeah. So why not? Because of it. I just kept extending my stay. So I'm here in Europe land until May, until the beginning of May. I'm jealous. Well, that's. That's really cool. Do we have any other critical people for this call that we need to be waiting on, or should we kick it off? I think we can kick it off. Davis has been, like, doing an absolute marathon of video production for me and the atom back interview and one or two other things we got out of Paris. And I think jordan. I think he's actually on a flight right now. So unfortunately they're missing. I did just ask davis now if you could make it. And Larry. Larry's busy recording now as well, so I think he was helping with him with that in the background. But, I mean, I can. I can take notes and share anything. We need to share with him. I think jordan's more important than Davis for this, but that's okay. Yeah. I'm happy to give jordan a rundown or a knowledge transfer of what I learn as well, or what I have learned. So the first thing I want to do is kind of walk you all through. This would be jordan's control center, but I'm going to walk you through this, and then I want to do a deep dive with you, nicola, on the data piece, if that's okay. So let me turn some things off really quickly. Let me move this in case you all can see that. I don't know how it works. All right. So I've done, I've spent a ton of time getting familiar with singular understanding the way there's multiple environments in singular. There's sort of like. It's called a composition environment, which is where you author all of your assets. That's where you'll ingest data. That's where you create the animations, things like this. And then there's something called a control app. That's what you're looking at here. This is where I've created. So you'll see, you can probably barely see, but I've created different what they call playlists up here. So we have an intro, we have a first segment, which would be the Block briefing. We have a second segment, etc, all the way to a four segment. So I'm going to pull up a fake video. So what's up? My name is Gareth. Well, you know, welcome to the starting block. It's April 14, 2026. You know, I'm Gareth Jenkinson, head of multimedia at the Block. Let's get right into our first segment, the Block briefing. And you can see this. This sort of lit up up here. We've got an animated headline down below. And what's really cool is there's these things called there's, like, something called logic layers. So as I move on to the next segment, which is segment two, the market pulse, when I do this, it'll automatically turn off the block briefing whenever I engage this segment because they are connected. You see this little purple icon? They're connected. And the same thing with this headline here, you'll notice I didn't turn this headline off. I probably should have. But because there's a logic layer again, this one's color coded blue. It'll turn that one off before the next one comes on right now. We're in the market pulse segment. We're going to drop down the price ticker. This is all ready for you, Nicola. I'll show you that here in just a minute for your live data. So then we move on to the third segment at this point. We're going to go split screen. Wait, let me go back. I'm going to. I'm going to just actually do this properly and turn this off now. We're going to go to the third segment. Which is the hot seat. You can see it. We do have two more, you know, lower thirds come up. We may not need garretts again. This is here if we need it, we probably don't. And see, once again, and I need to work on the timing here, but because the lower third and the headlines are related in terms of what they call logic layers. When I turn this one on, these will animate off. But there's going to be a little overlap I need to create a delay. I just didn't get a chance to do that, but they will animate off, which is nice. And then we move into the fourth segment. I'm going to go back. And same thing with the video, even though it's fake video, I plot a logically or to it. So that one would go away. We're now in the fourth segment, which is, of course, the Block original. I should have animated this out. I did not. But same thing. It'll. It'll pop in like that. So I know that I went through that super quickly, but trust me when I say that was like 25 hours of work to get all of that to understand all of this, it was. It was complex for me. But I'm stoked on it. I've really enjoyed this. I needed this, quite honestly, on a personal level. So, you know, I appreciate the opportunity. So, no, I'm stoked. First of all, I'm stoked on the branded elements that Janie and the team designed. Sorry that this looks like a mess right now. We're now in the authoring environment, but I'm. I'm stoked on the show concept. I'm stoked on you as a host, gareth. Like, you know, so this is all very exciting for me, and I'm stoked to have learned this new software. So this is more relevant. To nikola. So I have a in the composition layer folder over here. I have something called price ticker, nikola within price ticker. We can go into the sub composition. If we go into the sub composition, you're going to see this is my. My layer list. But up here, there's something called a script editor, which I've prepared for you. I think it's in here. Yeah. So I've prepared in the script editor. I've created these sort of naming conventions, so hopefully you can tap into them. I have something called btc usd btc usd price, the percent ethusd, the price, the percent. I've also indicated where the btc asked the the first asset in our ticker should start. It should be offset by 22, to be exactly here. And then we have something called control nodes. I've created two. They're essentially variables. There's a positive variable and a negative variable which will. You can see this one's got the negative variable applied right now and this one has the positive variable or these have the positive variable applied. So these prices are wildly unrealistic right now, obviously. I wanted to Max it out so that we could accommodate, you know, however many digits this is eight digits plus a decimal point, even though, you know, soles at 80 bucks right now or whatever. So I tried to figure out how to make it all flex in the wizzy wig to where I could just control it all. But it's not like figma where an auto layout will allow that. But it is possible. It has to be done in code, though, nicola. So that's why I have, like, I've created the little sort of container here. And I have. I've done it. I consulted with claude as I was developing this ticker to ensure that I created the sort of bounding box placeholders, you know, according to best practices, so that hopefully whenever you get in here and apply this 22 offset to the first price, you'll be able to just use these naming conventions, use this offset and then using, I think CSS, maybe some JavaScript logic, you'll be able to make this to where it's nice and clean and even space just like this, even when eth is only at 2000 bitcoins at 70 and soles at 80 bucks or whatever. That's my understanding of the way that we can do that. I did not animate. Claude indicated that if this was to scroll and show more prices, that it would be way more complex from a javascript and CSS logic. Like, it has to re render things and draw. So I did not set it up for scrolling right now. I thought for an MVP, let's just get the data hooked up. Let's just get this working. And then if we want to add additional assets or do something more fancy with it later, then we can maybe we can maybe cross that bridge when we get to it. So. Nicola, I guess, or anybody, any questions on any of this so far or, nicola, do you have any, any thoughts on this sort of script, how to set this up? Yeah. So I have a working prototype for this script, and it kind of works differently than what you showed, but, like, I can. I can, like, share. And I think, like, just like with this, like, I also, like, figure that it's kind of difficult to have this layout that kind of, it takes space and not like kind of relative space, depending on, like, the size of the label or, like, the. How many digits there are in the, like, price or whatever. Right, right, right. And, like, I couldn't figure that out, so I kind of used plain HTML, and I kind of, instead of, like, kind of rendering. I'll stop sharing. You could share yours if you'd like. Yeah, sure. So where is. I think I work on this one. Okay, so mine is not the so well designed. But, yeah, I was working. So this is kind of the taker, right? Like, it kind of has this ticker component. Right. And it shows like this. So maybe if I zoom in. Thank you. Right. Yeah. So, yeah, so it kind of looks the same as we have it on the website. That's because I literally copy pasted this HTML component. And so I use, like, singular has, like, this HTML component. And so I'm kind of just populating this component with HTML. That's it. Right. And this works so I can. Oh, let me. Sorry. Like, let me stop sharing. I'll share my whole screen so I can also share. Yeah, just a second. So if I go back here. So. Right. So kind of. This is like what it's currently live, right? This. This app that it's currently live. Okay. And then if I open Postman, like, I can change the price. Right. So kind of. I'm able to set it up so that when I kind of push data to singular. It will update immediately. Right. So if I change here, like 92. Right. So it kind of have. Have it set set it up that it's kind of auto updates. Right. But, like, the way it's set up, like, it's. I don't like it. And I think, like, yeah, that's something that we should probably consider. If you want to go into the com, my composer, it's called, like, tsp main Grag. I think the composer and work with my component, we can make a duplicate of mine just so, you know, it's somewhat preserved. And then you can feel free to mess around if you think it's a better. If you think it's a better setup, but if it's not, then I'm willing to get into yours for sure. Let's, let's. I think, like, we can maybe like. Yeah, I can show you, like, how it mine is set up, and then we can, like, probably, like, brainstorm which. Which approach is better. Okay. So as you see, like, the price ticker, the only thing I have is like HTML withinline Styles. Pretty awful because it's, like, now hard to update. Right. But. And then I have the script editor. And the script. Is also pretty awful. But basically it kind of. Every time I receive data, I re-render the whole HTML. Right. Everything changes. Like, it doesn't flicker, but, like. Yeah, it doesn't. It's not so nice. I don't know. Like, it's kind of. I don't like the implementation personally, right? Because, like, every time, like, I push new data, the whole thing, like, it gets redrawn. And plus you see, like, kind of everything is, like, inline style. Right. And so kind of to update this. Like, it would be, like, very hard, right? Like, to kind of manage the fonts or whatever. Right. So is the payload Json from the API that we are ingesting for this data? Yeah, this thing. So, yeah, I think there's probably a more native and easier implementation based on I try. I I tried to get into it, and then I. Claude was talking to me like I was a developer, and so I was like, hey, wait a second. I'm a designer. And it was like, oh, okay. Then this is how you set this up to be a perfect handoff for your dev. But it. It was, like, just barely over my head. So I think it's going to be well within your comfort zone, the other implementation. But we can look at it. Okay, so that's. That's kind of currently how it works. We can, like. Yeah. Discuss, like, I can take a look at what you have and, like, from what I saw, like, I'm not sure, like, will. Will the. Will we have a different set of currencies? Like, do we want to, like, have the option to update, like, which currencies are we showing or it's always going to be like, I don't know, six same tokens that we show in the. In the ticker. I would defer to Gareth on that. But what I did was just went by market cap and grabbed the top five tokens. That's all I did minus stable coins, of course. And that was my approach. So it's. But I think if we want to do, if we build it right and create, you know, create it dynamically, I think it would probably be relatively easy to just, you know, swap them out is not. Not scroll them, but fade them out or just replace them. I think that would probably be relatively low effort. But. But I did just go by market cap and just do the top five for now. Yeah, I would say the top five to 10 by market cap would be the best way to do it. I mean, like, I always liked websites that had the scroll. And the ones that do have the scroll don't ever really have it in, like, you know, like, listed order from one to one to ten. So maybe that's something we consider. But, yeah, I think for now, even if it's just the top five by market cap, most people will that are watching will understand what they're seeing is is the top five by market cap. And then if it, if we figure out how to do it and implement it really easily, then we can consider, you know, doing more. But, yeah, I mean, like, there's no point having, like, 20 or 30, you know, tokens. Most people just want to know what the price of bitcoin and eth is and a few others. So I think top five to 10 is definitely ticks the boxes. Great. Yeah. So if, like, if you and I get into the sort of the more native implementation, Nicola, you know, we can totally use yours if we can't figure out this native implementation. But if we can, I think what that'll allow us to do is we don't have to, like, rerender, like, the whole object every time. I think, you know, it'll be just. It'll be a little easier. Yeah. Kind of like this way. It's now kind of connects design and code is kind of to tightly coupled. Right. So kind of if we have it, like, your way, like, you can still kind of update the design and the kind of the. The background, like code will still work. Yeah. The only thing is I do think that if we do the native implementation, we will need to do some CSS in the code so as to create nice spacing based on. Yeah, that's the only thing that I think we'll have to be done in. In from a style standpoint. Okay. Yeah. And so what I wanted to also share, like, so I investigated, like, other, other data that we need to show. So, for example, a chart. And. Oh, that's sick. Yeah. Charts are interactive. Yeah, dude, we can do that. One thing to note. So I did try to have this running in OBS. Okay. And so, so this is like a small render chart. So I need to interact with the chart in obs and not here. Right. So when I do this, like, I'll have an OBS running. I can interact with the layout that is, like, added to the. To the OBS. And then I have to click there. And I'm. I'm not sure, like, how the, you know, live shows will be handled, but, like, someone who's running OBS needs to interact with the chart for it to actually be visible. Right. What would be Jordan? What we. What we're going through the show live. Yeah. Okay. Jordan's gonna have to have this control app open. First of all, Davis, I see you joined. Does Jordan have multiple monitors, or at least two monitors with his. With his home setup? He does. Yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. So he can have OBS on one screen and he can have the control app on the other screen because I do think he has to interact. Excuse me. With the control app in order to change segments, to change the lower thirds and things like this. I think so. He was running crypto crypto IQ off two screens, so. Okay. And so how was it? Where's the chart not showing? Maybe it's because I. Don't know why it's not working. It's all right. It's live demo. Yeah. Did you. Did you hit refresh? Down there? There. There was that refresh button right above your cursor. I don't know if that. Yeah. I don't know why. Disabled everything. Oh, the ticker works. It's not showing me. Now. Maybe did I. Did I, like, make some. Sitting? Yeah, I don't know. But I have to investigate, but it was, like, visible here. And the way kind of how to interact is you right click here, interact. And then this shows, like, the whole, you know, and then it's interacting here, like, it kind of now. You know, adds to the live video. Right. So the. All the interactions to the chart. Yeah. And that's like, that's going to be up to Jordan. I don't know if, like. Like, I'm not the production guy, but it would be like a thing where he would almost either need to be listening very obviously, keenly to what gareth is saying so that he'll know what to even click on within the chart. Or you guys would have to have a conversation ahead of time. Like, hey, I'm gonna. I want to talk about the 30-day moving average, and then I want to move into the week or whatever. Like, that way he can sort of mentally prepare for what he's gonna need to do with that chart, or we can keep it simple. And, you know, we can just sort of prepare the view ahead of time. And jordan doesn't even necessarily need to interact with the. The chart while it's on screen, but it's a nice. It's a nice to have if we can do it. I think once we get started as well, and if I. If I guess if I have some access to. To what we're doing on screen as well, I could potentially do it at certain parts of the show. I mean, you know, depending on the different segments and how I'm presenting them, we could get to a market section where I'm actually interacting with a market analyst or something like that, and I'm like, hey, I want to talk about this specific chart or this specific piece of Darth. And then dial into the different things. And then if I have the ability to actually. Yeah. Manipulate what the charts are showing. That's great as well, because then it, you know. Yeah, it's like. It's hard for jordan to know what I'm thinking and talking about. But I think that's something we'd have to figure. Figure out as we go. But it's amazing that we have the functionality. I think, gareth, like, you're gonna have your hands full focusing on the conversation, and I think the conversations will ultimately be better if you're really locked into it. I think we should have, like, a 10 to 15 minute call with jordan every day right before the broadcast where you guys sink on the run of show, essentially, and what's going to come up, and then he'll be locked in paying attention, and he can be like. Like Jamie from Jogan. Yeah, exactly. Something else that I want to figure out with you, Nicola, is. How we can create a payload of, like, guests where their names, titles and companies are in a Json document or. Or something that can create a JSON document so that it automatically updates the lower thirds. I mean, the alternative is we go into the composer before every show, update them and then go into the control app refresh. You have to then refresh the composition from within the control app so that it loads in the new assets from the composer. But if we can do it dynamically, I think it would be. Yeah, understood, like, how this singular app works. And. And I really, you know, from singular, I really enjoy this player. I think, like, it's really easy to use once you set it up. But the composer, like, I hate it. It's so unintuitive. But what I kind of like. So how I set up this thing, right? So if I go to the composition, right, for this chart, I have only one chart, right? I have set it up as a, like, sub composition. Right. And then the player and. Sorry, like another thing. So this. This chart. If I go into it, so it has, like, control node, which is kind of accepts a parameter. Right? Yeah, that's the chart URL. Okay. And so if I go to the application when I'm kind of preparing to run the. The show. Right. Then I can add a new chart. Right. So I add a new chart. Right? It kind of makes a copy of this sub composition, which is. And then I click on it and I can update the URL. Right. So I can take, like, any. If I go to the data dashboard. Right. So I can take. I can chart. Let's say this one. I'll copy paste the URL. Okay. And then I go back here. I need to keep the embed route here. Right. So it kind of loads this one, right? And kind of in preparation of the show, I can say, like, okay, we want to show those charts. And I kind of in advance, I. We can prepare, like, you know, copies of the chart and which charts we want. And that's it. Then once the show starts, we just press here and that's it. Like this chart goes live. Yeah, it's beautiful. I love that. Yeah. And same goes for articles. Right. So for articles, I have, like three. Now three data points. So it's the title author and image. And I guess, like, we can set it up differently, like depending on how we want it. But got it. Yep. Yep. So the Json feed. Got it. Yeah. And so kind of, I think I was kind of thinking about, like, oh, how. How we want to when we are preparing for a show. Right. Like we'll probably go to, I don't know, the latest. The latest news. Right. And so they're kind of looking through the feed and say, like, oh, yeah, we want to mention this article, for example. Right. So the idea would be like to copy paste this. So I'll create a new article that I want to talk about here. Update the title. Yeah. The bylines. Yeah, I guess like this layout thing is like driving me nuts, but I didn't go into details, but you feel like we can fix that. Yeah. Like kind of the what I kind of couldn't figure out is if the title is long like this, this second, like part should be pushed down. But again, there is no kind of. You can't push it down, but you, you can make the text marginally smaller. Dynamically. And then the image. So I can copy image address. And paste it here. That's it. And so the article is kind of ready and I press here and that's it. Right. It's okay. And I feel like kind of in preparation of, of the show, we can have like, so not only like chart and article, right? We'll have like other sub compositions like the name or like what you show the Josh, the, the title of like guests or whatever. Right. And so we kind of like this different like kind of. Placeholders and we just when we are preparing for the show, we'll have like, okay, right like kind of those, those parts of the show. Let's do this really quickly. We still have 15 minutes if people have it. Do you have anything else to share? Because you just, you just, that was a light bulb moment for me. I'd love to go in and set something up. With the group and we can see how this works real quickly. Yeah, let me stop sharing. Let me start sharing. All right, so if we go into the composer here, we go back out to the main. And so first of all, it has to be a sub comp to even be accessible from the, from the control app. All right. Yeah. To add, like in the, in the. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to go to my lower third. I want to go to my guest hatched here. Right. So, so in the name section, you can see it says Willie Nelson again. Sorry for all the ugliness here. What I have to do is click this little text icon right here, and then I can create what's called a control node. So for the control node, I'm going to call this guest name. Right. Does it have to be camel cased or can it be a space? Do you know, Nicola? Not sure. All right, I'm going to do camel case then. So we're going to say add, and then I'm going to do the same thing for title. I'm going to click this little text. I'm going to say guest title. Hit add, and then I'm going to do guest company. All right. And, and hit add. So then that automatically saves. You can see the, the app automatically saved. So now I think if I go to back to my control app, let's go to the third segment where we have a guest. Yeah. Like if I was going. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So then you have to refresh the composition because we updated the comp. So you have to do this. You'll get a warning. You hit. Okay. So now if I click on the. The gap, there it is. The guest headline. Check this out. So instead of willing nelson, we're having johnny cash on. Spelled that wrong. And look at that. It's done. That is badass, bro. I didn't even know. I didn't know that was possible. But he's also an outlaw and an absolute Legend. So we don't have to update that stuff. So we're good. That's amazing. So we don't even have to with a data payload for our guests or anything like that. We're just manually changing every day. Yeah. And you can prepare like. So if you click plus the blue plus button, right, you can have multiple. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, like, if I wanted another. Where's my lower thirds? Lower thirds, two up. I could create another one. Like if Garrett's going to have a second guest, you can see it reverted back to will he nelson. But I could. I could change this to something else if I so desire. Yeah. So we kind of, we can pre-prepare like the whole guest list and then we can off one show the other. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's amazing. So the, the main thing that I think you and I need to work on is the data feed and setting up the ticker correctly and tapping into those control nodes so that the, when the price changes deposited, they go green and then red. But does the control nodes are set up? We just need to figure out how to, like, activate everything. That's awesome. Software is killer. Did you discuss the concern that you had with the shifting. Like, numbers on their switching, you know, five digits? Yeah, that's going to be something that when nickola and I leverage, hopefully the more native implementation, we can get in from a CSS. I think that we'll have access to, like, full CSS framework. So we may be able to leverage, you know, like flex box or something like that to create nice automatic spacing for us. But I won't, we won't really know until we get the, get that part hooked up, which I'm happy to do a one on one with nikola. To, to sort of the tag team that aspect of it without wasting everyone's, you know, time. Cool. I was just going to say, I think it's also worth me and jordan being there for some of this stuff because I also, I want to know, I want to be as able as possible to also do a lot of this data input and stuff and, and help up when, if and when Jordan's not around so that we can do some. Yeah, I think the more people that are dialed into how to actually do all of us, the better in terms of who's actually producing the show. Yeah, totally. Yeah, I, I totally agree. This is going on my resume. I love this software. Like, I want, I want to do more of this, though. Seriously. We have these, we have these scheduled every Wednesday. Now going forward. So we could use it as a, aren't you guys using it for poly market? Not out of the gates, but we could go that direction. And I think that would add a lot of value once we figure this out. I just want to say as well, I'm chatting to jordan on the side on telegram. He's on the way back from paris right now, and we're both really excited about this in general, so I appreciate all the way everyone on the call is put into this. And I really do think this will be, like, the best broadcast in the industry straight up, like, including the rollup who just got in office in new york and some skyscraper. Like, this will. This will blow them out of the water. Yeah, it's, it's going to be so cool. So we need, we do need, I guess, to, I haven't within the composer looked integrating any video or anything like that. So this one and Jamie have done some absolutely stunning sort of, like, motion graphic visuals for the title entrance, which are, which you all saw. And then there, there, she's done some transition animations as well between segments. And so I don't know if that goes directly. I think that goes in OBS. Okay. Okay. That's what I wasn't sure about. Or if that needed to be integrated into the composer as well. No. And I saw Jordan just join. So maybe he can better comments on. I'm pretty sure because it's just a alpha video, it would play in the OBS sweet interface and it does not have to be in singular, but. Sweet. Do you want, Jordan? Oh, you're in the hotel lobby. Do you want everybody else if there's anything else to discuss? Let's, let's, let's do it. But since Jordan just joined, if he has time, I could give him a quick rundown of the way that the control app works with the assets that are currently within it, which is what I did at the beginning of this call. Do you guys want to, I, I just wanted to ask in, like, somebody has to be driving the conversation with the revenue to, to, like, secure the. Ticker sponsor. Yeah. Like, obviously, you know, be aware of the, all the other sponsors. Like, we had, like, specifics potentially, you know, like a show partner as well as specific segment Partners as well. So I, I'm going to lean on you, Gareth, to grab that conversation with Jeff. Okay. Yeah, that's perfect. Check him because sometimes, you know, those requirements change. And we'll need to know those ASAP. But, yeah. That's. Yeah, that was the only thing that I was coming into the call with so we can. We can show off as well. Yeah, I, I think my next, I guess by next week, Wednesday, when we meet again, we can just get Jeff on the call. But, yeah, I'll chat to him in tandem about what this is looking like, and then we can, I think we can finally take, like, a mini presentation to a couple of clients that we are hoping will want to do, like the launch partnership with, and then we just figure out how to integrate their branding into the overlay. But we'll, we'll keep it simple at first. Yeah. Amazing. Cool guys. I'm thrilled, man. Jordan, do you want to see the rundown really quickly? Do you have time? I know you're in a hotel lobby. I know that can be awkward. 24 minutes. It won't take the five. Nicola has a weird overlay on his face, but I'll go ahead and share my screen. So you're primarily going to be living in this composer. I'm sorry, not composer, but rather control app. Jordan, I'll try to make this is going to be the output. As you can see, the output window. Anytime that something gets updated in the actual composer, you have to then in the output window, you have to click this little three dot menu and actually refresh the composition that shouldn't happen that often, though, on a day to day basis. I don't think you're going to have to really do this, but that's something just to, to take note of. So, like, you can see rightfully you can see. I know it's probably kind of small over here above the layer list. You have these. Oh, sweet. You have these little, these little tab title thingies, which are the different segments. They're called playlists within this software that I've set up. So at the beginning of the show, you might have an intro playlist, so to speak, which, you know, Gareth would come on screen. He would, you know, the date would come on and then maybe his lower thirds would come up. Right. And you can see these little color coded icons. These color coded icons are called logic layers. And if they're the same color, that means that they won't be on the screen at the same time. So I will leave this lower third up and you're going to see when I, whenever I transition to segment one here. That there's another blue one, which is the headline. So we're going to go ahead and turn the block briefing on so you can see this got lit up. And so when I do this, there's going to be a little, there's going to be a little overlap, but I need to fix the timing. But you can see that because this logic layer is associated with the, the lower third logic layer because they're both in the lower third of the screen screen. It, it takes the other one off screen. Right. So as we move on to segment, let me go ahead and turn this one often because headlines would probably go off. So when we move on to the next one again, this one's purple. So whenever I move into the market pulse, it's going to turn off the block briefing automatically. You don't actually have to turn that off. Then we can introduce the second headline and we can drop the price ticker in. So if we're going to move on to the third one, you probably will want to turn the price ticker off. We'll go ahead and animate the headline out. We'll turn the price ticker off. We'll move on to the third segment, which is going to be a two, two video up. We're going to move into the hot seat. It automatically turns Market pulse up. We have lower thirds to introduce our guest. And then maybe we want to pull in a headline again. I need to fix that timing. It's not, it won't be a problem. And then we're going to animate the headline out. We're going to move into segment four, which is back to just Gareth. It's a Block original. And the headline is available. That's as far as I got. I still need to work on the segment titles, which are going to be in the upper right hand corner and maybe a sponsor logo here as well. And then to accommodate sort of the, the frames that, that nickel has been working on the data, the articles, things like that. But can you change the text of headline? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So let me show you real quickly how to do that, which is something that I, we set up a moment ago. But let's go ahead and do one for the headlines. So in the composer, you won't have to do this this part of it. This is the, this is hooking the stuff up, which I'm going to do right now, but I hadn't done yet. So headline one, we are now in the headline one sub composition. I'm going to go to the actual headline text. I'm going to click this text. I'm going to say, I'm going to create what's basically called a, it's called a control node, but it's a variable. I'm going to call it headline one. I'm going to call it headline one text. I'm going to add it. So that's the only one I've done now. It's now, it's now considered a control node or a variable. So when I go, it'll automatically saved. So when I go back to my control app and refresh the control app, I'm going to get a warning. Let's go back to segment one because that's the one that I just created. And if I click on segment one headline, you can see now there is some text here. This, you know, this is the new headline. So this will just always be there now. So before the show, if you know what the headlines are going to be, you can do this. And let's say there's going to be multiple headlines in segment one. I'm going to add another headline component from my list here. And I'm going to say, you know, this rules or whatever. So now, and you can see because they're control because they're logic layers are associated with one another. If I have the first headline in there and then I go to turn the other one on, they just automatically switch between the two. I'll have to work on the animations and the timing, but everything is pretty, pretty clean. Yeah. And easy Josh is asking it will scale down if it's too long. Yes, it will. Yeah, I'll show you how we should have, like, probably a character limit. Yeah, we should. But it will scale down if it's too long, but it's. Yeah, I was going to say exactly that, Janie. Like, ideally it wouldn't probably get much smaller than that right there. Right. So we can count those characters and create that limit. Yeah, we can also, guys, once we're now that we're kind of in, like, production phase is start to stress test this. So if that has to be longer, we can work on that now and making our bars longer, which will, of course, accommodate more text. So. Yeah. Yeah. We shouldn't. We shouldn't write the sidelines. No, it's going to be a summary of the headline. So, you know, if, if you go to the block and, and the headline reads. Cracking parent payword agrees to acquire a bit normal for, you know, how about just cracking acquires bitten bit normal or no meal. Sorry. Would be like the, the headline on the screen. Right. And then if you pull up the actual article, you could use the whole damn thing, like when from Nicholas instance. But in those little lower third headlines, we shouldn't, we shouldn't use the whole, the whole headline. Yeah. So cool. I'm. And we'll do more robust knowledge transfer, Jordan whenever we get a little further along. But this was like, you know, this is as far as we were, I think, able to get this over the last week and a half. It's unbelievable. I think this is, like I said at the, the, like the last meeting, this is basically where we need to start. Like we've, that's it. Like the three main segments of the show is pretty much set up to go already. Which is amazing. Like, really, like, I don't know what to say because, like, when we build chain reaction points, it was me and Rob, and we had a little bit of help from our design team, but I'm just blown away, guys. Like, I just want to say thank you for all the hard work because I know it's like 20 hours of work to get this kind of software, like, figured out and built, and it looks exactly like what we put in the figment pages in a completely different piece of software. It's. It's awesome. And thank you all so much. And, and it's just been a great collaboration. That's what I love. Collaborating with people who show up and care and, you know, put in the thought. So. Yeah. And I did have fun. Like, I'm absolutely thrilled. So, so thanks for the opportunity. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate you all. Yeah. Josh, I'll Josh and I'll leave it up to you if you want to set up a personal, like, you know, individual working session. But, I mean, we can utilize 45 minutes every week to, like, continue pushing the envelope forward. I feel like it's helpful to. For the broader team to be aware of, like, you know, how you're accomplishing it, etc. Etc. So, yeah, just let us know. Yeah. The, the ticker is probably, like, the biggest obstacle so far for us now. But, like, I take a look at what you have and see, like, how hard would it, like, to be to connect to the data source that I can currently have set up and. Yeah, I'll reach out, like, if we can, if I can need some assistance, like in the, like, design. 100. Just go and open up psb main Grag composition. I'll go ahead and create a duplicate. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right now. And I'm gonna call the duplicate ticker data nikola. So you'll be able to find your. So there is now a duplicate called ticker data nikola. So do whatever you want with that. Mine will be unavailable for now and you will be able to have your way with that one. Okay. And also, like, I didn't figure out how singular expects us to work in a sense for every episode. Do we create a new app or do we create, like, new playlists or, like, do we keep historical playlists or we just update? I'm not sure. Like, yeah, it didn't, didn't figure that one out. I don't think we create a new app. What I think we do is the playlists are super easy to remove assets from or to add assets to, as you already know. And I think we just keep the same one go in for every new episode, change the variable fields that we create via control nodes, and then it's like it's ready to go. Basically, it's just like we just update the instance and keep it going. If we want to create a copy of our main app so that we have, like, one that is unaffected ever, and then we create, like, new instances every week or whatever we can. But that would be my understanding of the way that this software probably is, is best used. Because there are different segments, right, for each of the days. Are those segments going to differ in the stuff that you see on the screen? It's my understanding that the last segment is called the block original always. But, but then it'll have a flavor or no, Gareth. Yeah. I mean, the idea was to just have that as, like, a catch all. So we know that that last segment is something different, but it would be like, I can't even remember what I put on the slide now, but, like, that doesn't change the ticker. I don't think so. Tax will change. Yeah. Because it's the same segment of the show. And then we had accounted for the segment title changing, of course, but the ticker doesn't change, which is the point of it. Yeah, exactly. So everyone knows exactly where we are, which is what's so nice about this show is the structured nature of it, which we know doesn't exist kind of in this field. So the ticker should never change. Yeah. Like, go ahead, dear. No, no, I was just gonna say once, once we get to that point, like, that we've launched it and if it's, like, very formatted now and we want to make it more specific for each of those days, we can play around with that as we go. Yeah. Yeah, totally. And then the segment, even though you're in the block original to jamie's point, the little overlay that pops up on the screen that tells you it's DJ Wednesday or whatever, that'll be updated just like the. The willy nelson text. Like, it'll. It'll be a variable before the show. Hey, it's Wednesday. Change it to DJ and Wednesday. Hey, it's Thursday. Change it to defy Thursday or whatever. It'll be very easy to do. Cool. Sweet. Awesome. Well, that was right on time. We're just about three minutes over. So it sounds like we're gonna get together next Wednesday and talk about this. By that point, I expect nickel and I'll probably have the ticker working. I'll have some of the other elements that jamie and zwan have designed in the, in the actual composer so that we can. We can see some more progress by next Wednesday. Thank you so much. Sounds good. Just from my side as well, Adam was kind of asking me, like, what's a soft launch date? And I think we were kind of saying now, like the 4th of May would make sense. But just. Just so that we start at the start of a month. And my only problem with that is that jordan and I will have probably will probably go to consensus Miami. We'll figure that out early next week. But, yeah, I'm. I'm looking at, like, 4th of May to actually start the show, so we still got some. We still got, like, a couple of weeks to iron everything out. But it looks like we, like three quarters of the way there. Now. Are we working on a game plan for promotional material? That's. That's what I want to get on top of next week. Jordan and I shot. I don't. Jordan, I don't know if you've had a chance to look at, like, what. What it looked like, but we shot a time lapse outside the Louvre at a really busy zebra crossing. There were, like, loads of people walking past me. I think it looked really cool, but I haven't seen it back. So, Jordan would have to be pretty critical in general across the board. But he as well told me that it looks really nice. So I'm expecting big things out of this. Yeah. So I. If you want me to, I can put together, like a one pager marketing plan, and then we can just start, like, design whatever we want to do, like the. The short, like a small selection of animated stuff or. Or short videos, just keep teasing the start of the show and then, like, some sort of a publishing plan, and then we can go from there. But, yeah, I think Josh, Jamie davis, Jordan, we can. We can maybe chat early next week on the kind of marketing plan. Yeah, let's. Let's definitely schedule that call. Because, yeah, we're going to want to kind of create those ahead. Of course, create those ahead of time to drum up some excitement. So early next week works. I'm on a train. I'll find again my time, but I can try to call in. If not, I'm free Monday afternoon all the way till Friday. Like, I can do anything. Okay, well, perhaps we could even if we do the meeting, you and I can find a spot where we actually can just sit together and. And then do the meeting with the rest of the guys. Yeah. Dialing in. Okay. I'll finally get up in the calendar. Okay. Awesome. Gordon asked one final question. He says, is the idea that we do the show live in Miami? That's a bit of a different Beast. I don't think so. I'm not going to put that pressure on us. I think we'll. We'll just shoot some interviews like we did in Paris this week, Jordan. And then tackle the live show remotely once we get back. All right. Well, thank you, everyone. This has been a lot of fun for me, so appreciate you all. Appreciate all the hard work. All right, guys. Bye bye, everyone.

### You (2026-04-17T14:51:53.849Z)

Hey guys.

