---
granola_id: 225a7816-76d3-4901-85bc-94e76a0c3944
title: "The Starting Block Sync - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-04-22T14:30:12.893Z
updated: 2026-04-22T15:18:10.218Z
attendees: 
  - gjenkinson@theblock.co
  - erupkus@theblock.co
  - npivcevic@theblock.co
  - jleech@theblock.co
  - jgragg@theblock.co
  - zwang@theblock.co
  - jcarusi@theblock.co
  - jmilligan@theblock.co
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/The Starting Block Sync.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: The Starting Block Sync

### Guest (2026-04-22T14:46:07.503Z)

Good. Amsterdam is treating you well. Too well. Yeah. Nice. Good. I wish I were there. I was placed in the world. I've been there once in 2019. I got to spend a week there. We were working with a sonic branding company. I believe it's the tallest building in Amsterdam. It's called massive music. Is the name of the company there. And we got to go to the top floor where they had all kinds of musical instruments and jam with the musicians. It was super fun. No way. That's epic. It was. It was cool. It was cool. We were probably giving them, like, half a million dollars. So, you know, they were. They told us we sounded good with how do we sound. They're terrible. How's everyone doing, though? I don't know if this is. I think we're gonna wait on Ed to join. But, hey, welcome, Jeff. We've been working on the Branding, as you're well aware, for the starting block for probably a solid month now. And now we're. We're really discussing technical implementations around the concepts that Garrett and the segments that Gareth had sort of outlined, making sure that we're able to produce a high quality live show because there's certain limitations that come with being live in software that we have to use that, you know, aren't necessarily the case if we're producing pre recorded stuff. So Josh, do you, do you mind if I record this conversation? Does anyone have an issue with that? Just. Okay, cool. Cool. Yeah, absolutely not. Yeah. Larry's. Larry's gonna ask what's going on, and I'll just have my. Have my notes ready if and when and or Steve. So we have Steve starting on Monday. Yeah. He is getting into the swing of things already this week. But the official day is Monday, so super exciting. Beautiful. Yeah. So no problem at all with this was going to be probably. These are reserved for refinement calls. But since you haven't seen anything yet, Jeff, I thought we could, at least in terms of the execution, I thought maybe we could go through and show you a few of the items in terms of the execution and then maybe towards the end of that call, Nicola, we can. Or this call, I should say, we can pull up the. Pull up the stuff regarding the price ticker. I don't know if you've had any time to work on that over the course of this past week, Nicola or not. So if not, that's okay. We can. We can revisit where we were last week. All right, cool. But we'll. We will specifically talk sponsorships here in a moment as well, Jeff, which will be of interest to you, obviously. So. All right, first, I'm just going to pull up if it's okay. I'm going to pull up the schwan's intro and stuff like that that Jamie, the brand and design and motion team have worked on. So right now, let me start it over right now. The concept is the starting block without getting into all of the sort of logic that Jamie has a whole story, which is great around how this, this creates momentum. You know, you're starting your day. It's. It's all about, like, leverage, you know, when you think starting Block, you think runners on track, you think swimmers in race lanes. And so we're leveraging that angle and we're. We're leveraging that motion to create a sense of, like, this is. This is sort of like pushing things forward. The market moving forward momentum. It's really all about momentum and moving things forward. So this is the working title animation that we have right now. It is not totally finalized. We are going to work a sponsor moment within this because we're sure we're going to get a title sponsor for this show and they're going to get, you know, premium placements, including this title animation. So that, that's like sort of the working progress there. Then we have all of these, Gareth has outlined similar to, I think you called it like a radio schedule, Gareth. But as you're aware, Jeff, probably there's different segments within the show, and each one of these segments also gets a sort of a an animation to bring you into the segment. And for some reason, that played the last one. Let me, let me pull this up and try to play the first one again. It's like, it's like skipping through them and doing something bizarre here, live demos. But each segment will have a, an animated transition as well, which, which are, are really nice. It's like slack is slack is squeaking out there. But it's important, but it's not, it's not the purpose of this call. But I just wanted to catch you up on some of the beautiful animations that were happening. So the specific purpose of this call has been to get into this software called singular, which is where we're taking all of those branded elements and we're, we're building them out as individual elements that can be manipulated in during a live stream using this thing called a control app. So of particular interest you, let me get right into the control app. This is the control app where Jordan will basically be taking all of those elements that were created in the authoring environment, and he'll be able to turn them on and off based on the show, based on Gareth's schedule, what Garrett says, what he, what they basically determine is to be the sort of the cadence of the show every single day, five days a week. So as the show comes on, you're going to see Gareth, you're going to see the date come out, then you're probably going to see a title sponsorship, sort of which will be present on screen at all times. In this instance, I've, I've mocked up okx. And then we have some lower third animations that, again, you'll notice this really nice hard angle. It's an allusion to the, to the starting Block animation, the logo title sequence, this notion of everything is sort of moving forward with momentum. Everything is sharp and on point. As you move into the second or really the first proper segment, you're going to notice up here we have our segments. They, they have these little micro animations that, that indicate to the user what section they're in, I'm refactoring these right now. So there's a little bit of, there could be potentially a little bit awareness. And then you might have like a segment headline, you know, or, I'm sorry, like a, you know, a headline for whatever gareth is talking about. And you might have a title for this section where headlines pop up over here and I am working on those today as well. As we move into the second segment, it's, it's actually called market pulse. And you can see the block briefing went off now market pulse is highlighted. Again, you're going to have a lower third sort of header. You're also going to, you're also going to have this nice L max digital if it is Elmax. You have this nice ticker bar, which is going to bring in live prices during a live show. And this is what nicola and I are currently going to be working on probably toward the end of this call. We're going to continue to find this. Yeah. If we don't secure, I think the price ticker sponsorship is one of the easily more easily monetizable elements of the show. But just for awareness, if for some reason. I cannot do, I cannot get us a sponsor on any, any of these between, between. So the timing here is all, it's all wonderful. We have bitcoin next week. We have consensus. Gareth will be at consensus. Jordan, looking forward to meeting you in person there as well. We will include Elmax. As a show of good faith to them as a client, if and only if we are unable to get someone to, to grab that. So just throwing that out there. Yeah, that sounds good. And, and they can see how beautiful it looks on such a, in my opinion, it's going to be a high quality live production. It's going to be seen five days a week by our audience. And like you said, it's a show of good faith. It's like icing on their cake. And when then they go to renew next February or whenever that is or January, you know, maybe we push them for, for a million or whatever that looks like. Yeah. Obviously, that's your, your wheelhouse. But if we can secure another partner and Elmax isn't wanting this, then great, too. But for now, we got Elmax in there and it does mimic sort of like, as you can see, what we're doing on dot Co. Cool. Cool. So just a question. So in terms of when we went, when the show is live, are, will we have a plan in place in terms of, like you mentioned that you, you just showed the headline that popped up, it scrolled across, and then it disappeared. Is all that stuff going to be pre planned, or do we plan to be, like, ad hoc, including certain things? Potentially during the show? Or is it like radio where you have, and I'm not a radio expert, but just, I know they have a sound board, for example. And then you have everything lined up and you could press go and it'll pop up on the screen. It. So my question, is everything predetermined or are there elements that could be ad hoc? It's, it's largely predetermined. And, I mean, like Josh is built this entire environment in singular for that purpose. But all of these elements are interchangeable and like malleable. So we, we will have, like, let's say we have five stories in the new segment of the show, me and jordan. Well, I will put together a prep sheet every day for the show that will have these stories in links to the stories. So jordan can just input them into singular's environment, and that's how we run through the show. But let's just say, like, we're doing the show and it's 8 45 and there's massive crash in the bitcoin price and we see it happening live and someone messages me. We had the ability to pivot and just change, you know, that headline to like bitcoin drops below 50k and then start talking about it straight away. So, yes, it's like that's up to us to be reactive as things are happening. But all of these elements are built so that they are changed every day, you know, on the, on the prep sheet of the show. But yes, we can be super reactive depending on what, what happens. But, I mean, largely I'm going to be presenting, so it would be hard to be that. You know, like that, that reactive. But I'm, I'm sure, like, someone could ping jordan in the background and you could be, you know, like, messaging me and, and say, hey, we need to, we need to pivot to this for something like that. If that answers the question. It does. Perfect. Thank you. Yeah. And so what's neat about this software is if that were to happen. And look, we will get better as we produce this, you know, week after week. But if that were to happen, apple. So we are now in the market pulse section. And if that, if the price was to, to crash, jordan is able to, like, you know, maybe we already had one of these built, but he's like, you know, he's in Garrett's here. He's like, hey, the market just crashed on bitcoin. He can duplicate this headline right here. He could animate whatever that one was out and be like. And he could literally type it on the fly bitcoin, you know, crashes or whatever. And then when he animates this one in, it's going to be able to do this live. So this is the control app for the live show. Yeah. So you can literally create headlines on the fly as the show is happening and he can type in the headlines right here within this environment. So it's pretty, it's pretty nice software, quite honestly, in my opinion. So then I don't know if you guys have used this before, but I think this, this is, this is really exciting, guys. It's awesome. I love it. I have not used this. And Josh has become a master, so all credit to Josh. No, no, I am absolutely loving it so much. It has been like, I've been living in this for about two weeks now and just having so much fun learning this new software. So here's sort of what we're calling the hot seat segment. Again, if you watch the progress bar up top, whenever I turn the hot seat on, you'll see market pulse is off. Now we're in the hot seat segment. If we want two more lower third animations, we can, you know, to introduce Johnny cash. We can undo that. Obviously, there'll still be, there'll still be a headline here. And then there's a, there's a, in the hot seat sort of title here. And we can, we, I'm still working on the spacing up here because I want to make sure that there's enough room for that ticker bar when you're in segment two, but also that the spot title sponsor remains visible at all times per, you know, the way that we're trying to sell that. Josh, can you just cover the prices and then the prices? Animated constantly? You know, you just lose one price. Yeah, they're not there. They will, they're not moving. Maybe, maybe you, you already understand that the prices aren't moving on the, on the price ticker. They're not scrolling, I shouldn't say they will be, they will be updating constantly, but to make them scroll is like, it's like magnitudes more effort at this point. Sorry. And not just make this into a design call, but can you we make that? Can it just cover the presented by just make that. Whole thing solid so it hits the gray? Yeah. And then just go over the presented by then it doesn't matter. The ticker. Yeah, we'll talk about that in a moment. I can easily close this gap that's not a problem at all. Yeah, but like what I wanted to talk real quickly while we might as well just finish it real quick. So I'm going to pull s3 title out. I'm going to leave this stuff on. I'm going to move into the fourth segment. We're going to go back to just gareth, of course, the sponsor stays on the screen. This is going to be the block original. You can now see that segment is highlight on our progress bar up top. We have the same thing. We have a headline which is dynamically updatable where we have a title for this section, and then we have the ability to pull in articles. And the same thing with these, Jeff, to answer your question, this is where Gareth and jordan will largely be aligning before the live show. Gareth will be like, I want to talk about these three articles. Jordan will be able to pull them up and they can even be articles that aren't, that aren't posted to our site necessarily. Right. So, like, there was the new york times article a couple of weeks ago about Adam back maybe Gareth wants to talk about that and so we can pull in, we can do whatever we want and they can, they can create as many articles here as they want. And it's real easy to update this stuff. All the, all the elements are dynamic right here. So I could easily duplicate this element and then create five articles if Gareth wanted to talk about five different articles. So pretty, pretty dynamic and, and editable. But for me, for you, Jeff, what I thought might be most interesting is sponsorships. Right. So let me delete this because I just pulled it in. We have this notion of a title sponsor, which I'm going to go back to my, to my screen, which needs to be on screen at all times right now in this mockup. I'm considering OKX, the title sponsor. So this would be present at all times. But if we were to sell individual segments sponsors. So let's say Kraken wanted to sponsor the market pulse or something like that in addition to okx being a title sponsor. What we're kicking around is this idea of I don't have it knocked out. We were literally just talking about this on the previous call, but, like, let's, let's use this one, for example. We've got Aptos in here permanently. And this section is largely taken up by whatever is on screen. What we might, what we might do is leverage, like this lower L bar, you know, area to pull in, like. Okay, so if it's the market pulse, maybe we pull in something that's, like, a little message to crack in. And maybe it's not on screen the whole time. Maybe it's not even on screen the entire market pulse section, but it would be, it would be a moment somewhere else temporarily to bring in a segment sponsor. But what, what we want or what kind of want to avoid is having our logo, the ticker logo, the title logo and a segment sponsor logo on the screen, like. Like all at one time. So I'm trying to figure out a mechanism or the team has been talking about a mechanism that would allow us to create a segment sponsorship. And I think we're thinking about, like, an L bar, like, sort of like this kind of thing. Does that resonate with you, Jeff? Yeah, I think it's a great idea. I'm, I hear your concern about saturation of logos on screen. But to have the optionality to include individual text for very specific segment, you know, exact, basically what you just laid out, it's smart. Cool. Cool. Yeah. So, like, imagine this is the one I was actually looking for. I don't want all of these on here. But imagine that. Forget this. We were, we were playing around with some ideas earlier. Sorry. Give me just a moment, team. All right, so we are now in, let's say, the market segment here. This pretend this is gold, and we're in the market segment. We've got our persistent Aptos logo, but we have a specific market sponsor here. Yeah, it. They could even have, like, a little message here, like to, to Jeff's point. Right. It's like kraken is the number one place to buy and sell crypto on the whatever, and they could have a little temporary message pop up down here, and then they're gone right once we either, after maybe 30 seconds or exactly bespoke banner ad. Exactly. And then they're gone. And we can continue with the market pulse segment, you know, and then. And then gareth has talked about different pre roll mid roll, like ads within this thing as well and. And even, like, reads and things like this. So you should have enough, enough opportunities, I think, to be able to monetize this. And is garus giving, like, a shout out to these people? Yeah, there would be, like, a live line or something like that as we move into the show. So the market polls today is brought to you by bitwise if you want to see blah, blah, blah. Like very much radio format. That's how we would do it. It's just a live read into a section, and then that's basically what they're paying for. It might include, like. Like I said, like a pre roll mid roll, something like that. But I guess that would spool up on the packages that we built. I mean, at the moment, I've only put together the title sponsor kind of deck for Jeff, but these individual segments, Jeff, or something that we would have to figure out in price. But I think it's pretty simple. It's literally like stuff like that, like the actual on screen however we want to integrate their logo or their messaging and then an actual content side of it, like live reads pre roll, whatever integration we have, even if it's like a short animated 5, 10, 15 second clip that goes with the intro to the to each section. Yeah. Would to dictate what they actually paid to be the sponsor of the segment itself. Cool. Cool. My, my overall thinking, gareth, like from a sales standpoint, two goals over the next two weeks between bitcoin and consensus. Title sponsor, like an overarching show sponsor, and then the price. Yes. Everything else to me. Is secondary. Because we will have a better, you know, we'll be, we'll be able to command a higher price point once the show is up and rolling. Right. And then, well, really identify what are the most interesting statements, you know, what is the feedback from the viewer, all those different types of things. And then what I'm hearing is everything is fully customizable. And we'll have the ability to tweak, to bring on sponsors. We can have a, a very flexible conversation. If we have a client that's interested, but they're not. They're not completely sure of what element of the show they want to spend money on. We have that conversation. Maybe we create something new. So this is all good. What is our target launch date, by the way? When is show number one? What do we, what are we shooting for? I think the date is the 7th of May. Let me just bring up the calendar. So essentially the week after consensus. But that I think that really largely depends on how Jordan and I go with our dry run tomorrow and how we take stock of, like, what we need to do an MVP show to start in May. So it wouldn't be. It would be Monday the 11th of May. Like, if we need to push it back a week, no one's gonna, no one's gonna lose sleep. Okay. Ideally. I, I think it's. Critically important that we do secure some sponsors. That's my job. Any connections that you all have, of course, Gareth and I know you specifically. I think that is a dependency to get this thing rolling if we're at a point in very, very late April, which I guess is next week at this point or early May. And we are, for whatever reason, not having traction. Then, you know, we make a decision to launch. That sounds good. I mean, right. So, like, we'll give ourselves, like, a week or two window, assuming that you all are comfortable with that. Yeah, I'm definitely comfortable. I mean, like, that's how we launch chain reaction. Remember, we just, we went to Market with the show and it developed as it went, and then it got to the point where we had really great numbers and, and we could take that to sponsors. So, yeah, I mean, ideally launch partner. Yes. Jordan. What's up, brother? Gareth, I just wanted to say, like, you know, getting it started again, like doing it remotely is one thing. But what happens if we're in Miami or we're in Prague? Right. Like, we have a daily live show, but we'll be in Prague for three days. So what happens in that case? Because I just want to reiterate that doing it live in person. Is a different thing. It requires a lot more hardware and, like, the company will have to purchase things if they want to do it. Live, like in person. We definitely won't do it. Hyper consensus. Like, I can tell you that for free. And if we did do it in the field, the first one would be proof of talk. And that is. Like, that's June. Like the, the. I think it's the second and third of June. So by then we'd have a three week, a few weeks. And. And yes, we'd had some time. But I wouldn't put pressure on us to do that. And if we have to be out in the field for two days and we don't broadcast on those days just because we're out in the field collecting content, I think that's okay as well. But, yeah, we're definitely not going to just go try and do the live show in the field without having set things up and actually try to do it properly. But I would love to do. I mean, we can talk about this property, Jordan, but I would love to try and do it at btcag. It's the first time we kind of do it live. I think proof of talk would be too soon for even consider doing that. Which, by the way, Gareth, I think we need to get on the phone with proof of talk. Okay. Yeah, I'll speak to you about that afterwards because I, I actually had a long call with him yesterday already that I need to update, John. Okay. All right. Wonderful. And then just as a side note, consensus, we'll chat with them tomorrow. So I'll jump in there and then we'll, we'll get that handled. And then bitcoin prog super excited about that. Absolutely love it. Let's go. Let me know if you need me there. Probably don't, though. So what I wanted to say also was we are looking at homepage redesigns for dot co, and we are. I have asked Serena and Claudine to prioritize a media player in general somewhere on the page, whether that is similar to how pointesk does it, where it's fixed until you scroll and then it pops, you know, absolutely position in the lower left corner or whatever it is. But to, to Jeff's point, or, I'm sorry, to garrison point, which he made earlier from speaking with alex, they were able to coindesk. I think he said charge 150,000 for their pre roll ad because it played for 15 seconds before their show. And if we have a player on our site boosting numbers like that and you may have a similar opportunity, Jeff, to be able to really sell the pre roll because we're gonna have, like, high numbers just based on the traffic alone to our website. So there could be, there could be opportunities there as well. So these clock falls, we just started kicking this regular Cadence call off last week. Nicola, I see that you are on still on the call. One of the pieces that we need to figure out still is the, the live data for the ticker. Maybe you got busy this week and go, and it's okay if you did. Did you want to, are you and I to set up a meeting offline where we collaborate on that? Or do you want to go in and mess with it on your own time or have you had an opportunity? Yeah. Sorry, I didn't have an opportunity, like the last, like, we met on Friday, I think. Yeah, we met outside. Yeah. So, so, yeah, I was busy with other things, but I think, like, I should look at it on my own time and, like, figure, figure things out. And I'll keep you updated with, with the progress. Got it. So in that main app, I created, I started. There is a ticker called. And once again, that's curious to do whatever you might want to turn off your video camera. Your internet is struggling. I think so. Yeah, I appreciate it. So, yeah, price or ticker data, get in there, let me know if you have any concerns with that. And it's weird, though, because, like, we both can't be in the document at the same time. So maybe pay me when you're gonna go in and work in environment, and I will get out of it and do something else, the things that I could be doing. Be ticket for folks in there. Save one of our changes, like, not the other one. Basically. So it's not, it's not that we can both be making updates at the same time. So you're gonna get in and play with the, just let me know and I think I'll, for now, just make a copy of the work that you have and then, you know, just figure things out. And then I guess it's, it will be easy to replicate once we know how, what exactly we need to do. Yeah, absolutely. You could duplicate this whole environment right now. It's called PSB underscore main underscore. You can, you can duplicate the whole environment and then it doesn't matter. You can be in there anytime. So for me, what I do is I'm going to work on the lower L bar that can accommodate, like, a segment monster, but I totally, if we can secure a bios monster and a sponsor, then I think we're already, you know, we're already ahead of the game in terms of the, and I think that it's going to be such a great show, such a will be on board once they see the numbers once they see the product. And then she is on the call. The final thing I just blown up, the final thing is for days is going to discuss how can the title sequence accommodate a title sponsor one thing we got to figure out. Yeah, we're gonna, I think we're gonna do what we said on our earlier call where the title sequence actually animates off into a template for the title sponsors placement. Jordan, Gareth, you tell me if we need b-roll for them at that moment, I was going to say, no, let's get right into the show without, like, any sort of, like, ad for them. If anything, put an ad for them at, like, breaks. But to me, it's like you, we see the title sequence and this is presented by they get their own hero moment completely on screen alone. And then we go right into the show for the title sponsor, and we can include any sponsorships on the transitions for the segment sponsors so they can get a little. I think, more of like a lockup, you know, when we see the hot seat, they can, like, and we'll look at this, but we can include the logo there as well. Maybe just not as big of a hero moment, but both videos can include the title sponsors. It sounds good. Yeah. I was just gonna say, as long as we can tackle it in a way that's kind of plug and play because, like, it might be okayx, it might be bit wise, it might be Blockstream. Like, it could be any number of people. So just as long as it doesn't, like wreck you guys on the design side in terms of being able to just turn it around or make it plug and play for a specific sponsor, depending on, on who bites. Okay, perfect. Yeah, we'll, we'll try to make it as easy to update as possible. I guess we lost Josh because his service was bad, but he's plugging away in singulars. You guys are seeing, which is unbelievable considering no one has even touched the software. So my mind is blown. In the meantime, we're working on the other design. We're working on all the video components. So, Jordan, Gareth, guys, like, just let us know if we need anything else. Jordan, I know you and I should connect about, like, promo or gareth. Actually, maybe we'll talk about it tomorrow when we're together about promos and stuff. Other than that, I think we've tackled everything we need for right now.

### You (2026-04-22T15:16:45.504Z)

I just wanted to bring one thing up. I don't know if you guys already found all your sound effects and all your music and everything like that, but we do have access to 11 labs. I had that for campus. So if you guys need any of that, just let me know.

### Guest (2026-04-22T15:16:58.303Z)

Okay. Awesome. Yeah. Sean, if you want to share that with us, that would be fantastic. Davis shared the other one at the whatever. I can't get them all straight, but, yeah.

### You (2026-04-22T15:17:02.624Z)

Yeah. If you got. It.

### Guest (2026-04-22T15:17:10.303Z)

As whatever we need is great. So that could be helpful.

### You (2026-04-22T15:17:13.824Z)

Cool.

### Guest (2026-04-22T15:17:13.903Z)

Yeah, davis. David said he had been listening to different things to try and find, like, a title soundtrack. I'm pretty agnostic when it comes to these things. I just, you know, I want something that, that sounds great. I, I could do a little bit more listening myself, though, as well, just to jump in there and give my opinion. But I'm easy either way. But that definitely helps. Awesome. Okay, well, if that's it, I think people can get a couple minutes back, which I know everyone would appreciate. All righty. Thanks, everyone. Bye, guys. Yeah. Yeah. Wonderful work, guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We'll talk soon.

### You (2026-04-22T15:17:50.224Z)

Thank you guys. Later. That was good.

