---
granola_id: a9b3e797-4c5b-48ba-b04c-f190bb63d725
title: "Untitled Granola Note at 2026-03-26 11-27-25 - Transcript"
type: transcript
created: 2026-03-26T15:27:25.526Z
updated: 2026-03-26T16:26:03.946Z
attendees: []
note: "[[30_domains/product-management/the-block-meetings-granola-notes/Untitled Granola Note at 2026-03-26 11-27-25.md]]"
---

# Transcript for: Untitled Granola Note at 2026-03-26 11-27-25

### Guest (2026-03-26T15:30:50.414Z)

Hey everyone. We had a few more minutes to get started. All right, we'll start soon. I'm just going to start sharing a screen about as of today. So hopefully go smooth. Let me know if you guys can see the slides. Okay, perfect. So we'll kick off. Now I'm going to be a long one today. Just doing an update on a few things. So we will kick off with just the agenda. So one thing I want to talk about the CEO search update, huge area for me where I've spent a lot of my time over the last three months, same for Leanne and Sim for a few people on the leadership team. So big important update. And then we'll talk about multimedia product. Revenue, people ops. And then we also have a Q&A for anyone that wants to ask anything. In terms of the Q1 okrs and, and progress on them. So Q1 is not over yet. It's going to be over in a few days. So on the next all hands, we're going to do a retrospective about what we've accomplished in Q1 and how far away we're from the calls, which goals we surpass and stuff. So it's going to happen two, three weeks from now, just so you guys know. There's still a few more days. So quick CEO search update. So I already told you guys on the last call we run this process very diligently. We don't want to make a mistake here. It's, it's very important for us that we find the most qualified person here. We have work with recruiting firms, I think three or four. And that process has resulted in some very good candidates overall. In total, we screened about 100 candidates. Then we did HR interviews, meaning clean and Sea. We're interviewing about 30 people from that list that we recommended by the recruiting firm. Then I did interviews myself as part of the next step. I interviewed, I think 10, maybe up to 12 people in total. Then we did leadership interviews, which was four people on the leadership team. They interviewed five candidates that I got down from 10. Those five candidates then were scored based on the interviews as well as their background. Then we were able to get it down to three. This is where lastly comes in. So last week, the entire leadership team flutes in york. We were in new york Wednesday, Thursday, Friday last week. We met with the top three candidates in person. They were asked to present a short term and long term strategy. So for three months and for, for the first two years. And there was also a q a session. So we spent about five hours with each candidate very long time. And we did lunch with a couple of them and dinner with one of them. So we also spent time in a more informal environment. It was important for us that not just their credentials are good, not just that their background checks and their reference checks are good. But also that we can actually meet them in person, you know, that they would fit culturally that, you know, there's no red flex. Red flex when we meet them in person and all that. So we spent a lot of time doing that. It's very busy three days. And that resulted in us then dropping one more candidate again. We ran a very kind of detailed scoring. System for these three candidates. One fell below the threshold to help us. And we ended up arriving at, like I said, two candidates. One is teeth, one is stah. And I will tell you guys a little bit more about those two people. One of them very likely will become the next CEO. Right now, you know, it's a bit awkward to give you guys an update because we are not, we have decided which one we're leaning towards, but we're also working on an offer with them. We're also doing some last ref checks and stuff like that. So it's not completely finalized. But we do feel very, very good about both. And we feel I personally feel very comfortable with the candidate that we're leading, leaning towards. Hopefully we're able to lock him in and make sure that he actually joins. But I feel very good about it. So with all that said, I'll tell you guys a little bit more about these two people. First one, Steve. The reason why, like, stealth is, is multiple really, really a lot of things. One is that he has that institutional pedigree or pick goldman. He has a stanford mba, went to harvard. But overall, he has a very solid network of people that he's worked with in his career. He's, he has 20 plus years of experience. But on top of that, he also is crypto native and he's obsessed with crypto. So he's kind of fallen for the crypto bug that a lot of us has as well. That's what made him join a zooki as a, as his first full-time crypto opportunity. He joined at a time when nfts obviously kind of went to. So he hasn't, you know, been dead happy there. And, and it hasn't led to the results that he wanted, but largely because nfts just didn't perform as well as, as, you know, he hoped them as well as, I guess some other people hoped. And, and then what he did as at a zooki, he, he was helping with the token launch, and he also helped jump start a stable coin partnership. He also was setting up their dad flew, you know, flew to New York multiple times, lined up a lot of capital and ended up falling apart when that's kind of died last year. But overall, very established when it comes to his institutional connections, his ability to start up new conversation, his commercial ability is very strong, and he is obsessed with crypto, which became very obvious that both the launch, but also the dinner that Leanne and I did with them on Friday. So we actually did two. So that was important for us. Another thing he has a very deep media experience. He was, he was CDO at fox, which is a very senior position for, for a super large media firm. He also co founded or founded his own media company that he actually ended up ipoing in, in Canada. So, you know, very relevant for us. And they were set up in a similar way as we are focused on enterprises, build a very strong SaaS business. Again, very close to what we're trying to accomplish and to become the most independent to, like, market cycles and stuff like that. Another thing, which, which is very helpful is that, you know, he speaks great and he was born in Korea, and he moved to the US when he was about six. So he speaks Korean and, and English fluently. Korea, as you guys know, one of the most important markets for crypto. We have not been able to penetrate it really well so far. But he has a lot of connections there. He lived there for multiple years. He let one of the companies, he was CEO for one of the companies that, that was in Korea, one of the media companies. So he has a very strong network in career as well. Not only that, but you also live in Beijing for three years and also speaks Mandarin. That was not a hard requirement for us, but it is something that is obviously helpful given that the board as well as our owners are Chinese speaking. Like I said, very strong network in crypto. He has, he has a lot of connections, some of the largest exchanges and stuff. And he also, like I said, the leadership team thought that this guy would be the most inspiring to work for, again, his credentials and experience the way he carries himself. He, he wants to be public, you know, so for the media team, this is very good news. He wants to go on tv. He wants to go to, you know, meet people in person. He's an in-person guy. He wants to appear a lot in any public facing materials. He's very much motivated by, like, his legacy versus, you know, anything else. That was the sense that we got. Obviously, we could be wrong, but, you know, on top of that, we did a lot of reference checks for him from some of the more senior people who we've ever spoken to, and they all came back very, very positive. So in my opinion, this is the number one candidate. We, as leadership team, nine out of 11 people that attended this interview said so as well. That being said, we have a second candidate that we all feel very, very good about as well. His name is staha. He, he's a little bit less senior when it comes to CEO experience and a little bit less senior when it comes to, like, his total experience. He still has 15 or so years of, of experience with media and with crypto. The most notable thing is that he started for crypto, which, you know, forbes was the first media company that actually was covering crypto seriously. And I was, I believe in the year 2017 or 18. So, you know, As number of years before any other media actually, like, dip their toes, he was the one that internally was able to push that through. He led the newsletter as well. And, and he also led the audience grow at, at Forbes at the time, too. So, you know, he was able to accomplish some very good things at Forbes and was able to improve the commercial status overall. And we saw culturally he would fit in really well as well. One interesting thing about him is that he has a really strong M&A background. The previous companies where he worked, he was the person evaluating acquisitions of smaller firms. From a much larger firm where he worked. And, you know, therefore he knows, like, what are the things that people look for when, when seeking m a what are the most important things to focus on? He was very good with presenting us with very concrete numbers. What do we need to accomplish? Both of these guys, but especially it was very grounded. It was nothing like, you know, we can accomplish 150 growth next year, anything like that. It was very grounded with where the market is, where we are as a company. And financially, I would say he had a strong grasp than Steve from the, you know, in terms of how he prepared for the strategic part. But, you know, on, on the culture side, like why we thought he would fit really well, he's a little bit weaker. And he also does not have any previous year experience, which was something that we were hoping to get. Like, it was not, like, super important. But, but it was something that we definitely. Were excited about when it came to steve, because, again, he's done it for two companies. And, you know, I can tell you guys from personal experience, it's very different to be number two. Being a CEO. It's, it's a different ball game. And, and as I found out myself, it's very possible that you have a strong number two that actually doesn't enjoy the CEO position or isn't as strong at it as, as one would have hoped. So it is, it was important for us to have that. And taha does not have that. But outside of that, he scored very closely to steve when it came to how he responded to our questions, how he prepared for the presentation. He was a little bit stronger when it came to strategy and concrete results that he wanted to accomplish. We, like I said, we both feel very comfortable. These two candidates. We did not feel comfortable about the third one. So we have been able to drop her from, from the CEO search, and now we're just focusing on those two. Lea and my chair a little bit more when she talks about people ops, but where we are right now is that we are trying to negotiate a package with steve at the moment. And we're doing some last checks. When it comes to, you know, his background, his investments, stuff like that, just trying to be as careful as possible. We do feel pretty confident that we will end up finding something that works. So docker is a backup option for us, but we are approaching steve and we're hoping to get that done in the next two weeks. And by get that done, I mean, get him to commit to us at least verbally. And if everything goes really smoothly and really well, we're looking at May 1st as the potential start date for, for them. So about five weeks from today. So. So, yeah, that's where we are. Still a lot of work to do, but, but. I really say this very honestly, we were really impressed by these two people, and we definitely thought that they're both capable in helping us reach the next stage. And, and our board is also excited by both candidates. Our board is also favoring steve. At the moment. And so we're trying to do all we can to, to be able to get steve to join us. And I think you guys would like, you know, would find him very inspiring as well. Like, you can just feel his presence when he's in a room, you know, very, like, just charismatic, but also very accomplished. You know, he's done a lot of things in his career. So I feel good about it overall. And that's it for the candidates. If you guys have any questions right now, you know, you can. And then we also have q a session in the end. So if you want to, you know, think about any CEO related questions, feel free. Also, feel free to message me on site. It's something that's more private. But if, if there are no questions right now, we can, we can have to multimedia regrets will walk us through some of the things that. They're planning to do. Yeah, sure. I'm just going to share my screen very quickly, larry, because my, my slides are not in there, so I'll keep it as brief as I can, everyone. Look, for, for those of you that don't know me. Hello, my name is gareth jenkinson. It's my, my first month here at the block. I was previously at queen telegraph for a very long time since 2017. I joined them full time in 2022, and I left my career of radio and TV broadcasting. I used to be a sports journalist back in south africa for, for close to 10 years. But from 2022 onwards, I really dove in head first into everything at coin telegraph. I was previously managing editor there and then head of multimedia for the past year before I joined the block. And my job there was essentially setting creative direction and execution strategies for social media, video departments, our podcasts and our events. So a very broad remit in addition to producing a load of content and really kind of being a little bit of the face of the brand for the past year or two. So here I am at the block. I am head of multimedia. I've been working hand in hand with davis since I joined and the rest of the team. So jordan, kelvin, tune as well and, and the broader brand and design team I've been interfacing was quite a lot in the last few, few weeks. The, the remit that I have is, is fairly broad here as well. But I've really been taking the last three weeks to just focus in on our, on our video and sort of podcast multimedia offering. So we haven't even, you know, got started with our social media yet. But I'm just going to really talk about our video content in general and what our plans are for the next three to six months, just so everyone can get a feel for that. And adam and I will be kind of tackling social media, I think, in the next month or two. We've got someone in mind who would be a very strong addition to the team to take that to the next level. I think that's, that's probably the most important thing that we need to do from a multimedia perspective. But I am here for now, and. And this is really sort of my area of expertise. So if I was to give you a sort of tldr of the last three weeks in the conversations, we've been having as the media team and, and, I mean, again, that's really from the video side. So, davis and the rest of the team, our reality in terms of YouTube and video content is that we've treated our YouTube platform more as a content archive for our podcast, and we have very strong podcast offerings, but we really want to become the vice of the cryptocurrency industry and become known for strong storytelling and strong visual products that really set us apart from the competition. So going from what you see on the left to what you see on the right and, and really just becoming a household name in crypto in terms of really, really engaging video content. So if you were to take stock of, of where we're at at the moment, a lot of you will know these products. Davis, when you took over last year sort of from a multimedia perspective, really wanted to build out a podcast network approach. And, and that's what we currently have right now. So we've got the big brain podcast that larry and amic kind of hit up. Obviously, there's been very busy. So a little less of that content coming out from him. The crypto beat went live with tim and told them that's really become our sort of go to high profile live long form interview content offering that is performed really well up until now. And then we've got two offerings that are more tailored towards our partner. So we've got layer one, which is sponsored by Avalanche and headed up by colvin largely. And then we've got the white papers, which is a concept that Jeff brought across when he joined from coin telegraph as well, where we are essentially selling amas to clients so they can come on and have an editorial style interview or series of interviews and, and promote their product or service. So a very good offering. But as you saw in the slide before, it's very much in the vein of an archive as opposed to treating our YouTube and our video in general as a really distinct offering that sets us apart from our competition. So we spent the last three weeks kind of brainstorming and coming up with a much bigger approach and much more focused approach that will allow us to achieve that goal of being renowned for really great storytelling and products, but also allow us to sell these products and drive revenue. So some of you might be familiar with around the block, jordan and kelvin went to career blockchain week last week. They shot this documentary. It's in production. It's nearly finished. They just been heading that up. It's looking really good and we're already confident that this can be a storytelling series and offering that will go essentially to different parts of the world, tell stories of cryptocurrency adoption in a really engaging vice style way. So we love the look and feel of that. And I think the team's really excited to show everyone else that in the next few weeks once it's done, we have brainstormed and are starting production of a cryptocrine series. So I'm sure lots of you guys watch netflix crime documentary, that kind of thing. That's what we're trying to go for here. Our first episode, tim and cum already working on scripting. It's following the story of a lady called china, what we're calling the china bitcoin queen. And she ran upon his scheme and basically amassed a whole load of bitcoin to move to the uk, started buying up real estate, had some really grandiose visions and was arrested. So we're telling that story. The plan here is to make it seasonal. So we'll have three to six episodes per season. They'll tell really big compelling stories from, you know, like crypto crime sort of sector, and then we're going to approach a handful of sponsors, namely chain analysis, to put their, their brand behind this and, and really drive some revenue and build a really cool core content offering. We already have in the works a podcast with poly market, which is a sort of spillover from last year and a deal that we've had in the works. So we'll be producing that from next month onwards. We have already started these newsroom shorts, so you can see that little iPhone image in the, the bottom right. These are essentially a product that will be producing hopefully daily when we have enough capacity to get them done. And it'll really be a sort of tldr approach to the biggest news story of the day or the week and breaking it down in a platform or a format that's really suited to Instagram shorts, Instagram reels, YouTube shorts, tick tock. And that's where that content offering will go. And then the final piece of the puzzle is really why I'm here and, and a lot of expertise that I bring from my broadcasting background is the starting block, which is going to be a new daily life show that all broadcast on X and YouTube. This is not how it's going to look and feel the, the brand and design team showed us a mockup of what they've put together. It looks absolutely fantastic. They literally showed that to us about an hour ago. So I'm really excited to share everyone what this is going to look and feel like when we launch it. But essentially we're taking from a radio clock format approach, which I have, you know, 10 years experience of. It's going to be a 45 minute live stream every day at 8:30am eastern time. It'll feature a lot of the blocks data and some of our research. And obviously our news, going to be aimed at a very broad audience. So fat fire audience, fund managers, analyst, traders, and then obviously the full spectrum of the crypto audience. So dj's everyday crypto enthusiasts, anyone who wants to get a hang of the news and it'll really form a core part of our content offering driven by the block briefing, which will be like a breakdown of the biggest news that you should know in the last 24 hours, a market segment, a fairly short five minute market segment with a very good analyst, and then we will have a 20 minute hot seat interview every day with a newsmaker or big name in the industry. And the, the aim here is to have the live offering and then all these pieces of clippable content that create this flywall, flywheel of virality that we're, we're looking to do. So from a video perspective, this is, this is really what we're going to be doing in the next three to six months. Everyone's been pretty methodical and very professional about taking on new ideas and coming up with new concepts and rolling with them really quickly. So I'm, I'm really impressed and I'm really excited to be a part of the team. And I'm really excited to also obviously tackle the social media because I think it's, it's really the missing part of the puzzle here. And we had so much growth that coin telegraph just to give everyone an idea. We, we changed the entire format of how we started doing our social media content, especially on X about 18 months ago. And in the, the 18 months since then, we grew by a million followers. Impressions were up almost like 10x as well. And it's a very easy fix, perhaps one or two more people to be added to the team in terms of, you know, content production perspective, but social media, I think, will be the next big focus for us away from, from this side of the multimedia offering. So that's what we're busy working on. If you guys want to reach out and have any ideas or anything like that, give me neil davis a shout. Adam, tim, we're all here. We're open to collaborating with everyone and really excited to, to forge ahead. And it's a great pleasure to be a part of the team. Thanks, Garrett. That's great. Okay. I will have Ed presenting some of the things that we're doing on the product side. Cool. Yeah. Thanks, Larry. Yeah. One of the things that we're looking to release in April is an election Hub. So right about now, I think primary election cycle in the u. S. Has started. And it's going to be sort of, you know, state by state. And it's going to lead into the midterms in November. So this is our attempt basically to be the prime destination for election data. By while looking through the crypto lens. And we have a partnership with poly market and standard crypto. We put this initiative. We're introducing video support. So think not embedding YouTube videos, but actually uploading our native videos to WordPress and potentially, you know, putting them on stories or, or elsewhere, like, you know, gareth mentioned, we'll, we'll have probably a lot of podcasts as well. Playing directly on that go. So this is our sort of first foray into that and having that infrastructure set up. And, yeah, like I said, this is serving as a foundation to start building market share, start building Google ranking for the specific hub, because we'll definitely want to rank as high as possible when people search. Election data or crypto data or pack data, any of those sort of keywords. So what you see all in front of you is a proof of concept. The main thing at the top there is our voting block index. It's been a collaboration between product research and many, many people actually at the company. And we're really trying to go viral with this specific data. So what we're doing is we're combining standard crypto politician grades. And live poly market election data to basically try to predict where the government is going. So this is, this will not be released next month. It's already in the works. Alessandro has done an amazing job polishing the formulas and how we're actually calculating this stuff. So docs are available if you're interested. But we're aiming to release this specific sort of hero moment. And this is still a proof of concept. It's probably not going to look like this, but aiming to release this sometime in June or so. But, yeah, it's supposed to, you know, give a real sort of metric in where the elections are sort of swinging with the midterms. So more on that, I guess, in the months to come. But really, really exciting work from research has been a collaborative process. And it's really cool. I think there's really nothing in the industry, you know, from the crypto perspective that's, that's been done like this. So obviously there's like mutual charts for elections in general, but they use bold data instead of live prediction market data. So we're really excited to release this in the months to come. I do have a little demo to show. So basically for the V1 of what this election hub will look like hopefully next month. So I'll just share my screen. The test environment. So, yeah, essentially you'll work as a collection page as we have for many different topics in, in crypto right now. We'll have, obviously, the hero moment with our main news. This, this will be populated with specifically us. Poly policy making news. So they have that tag, they will appear here. We also have a prediction Market graph that's going to be probably the most, you know, the most volume Market for, for primaries or elections. We'll have ad placements as well. Key races. So basically all that's primaries or midterms related poly market events would surface here, especially the ones that are doing the most volume. We, our research team has, and data team has collected a lot of crypto pack funding information. So we will link basically to that whole data page where all that information is there, but we'll just feature one of those main charts for how much, how much money has been raised. And we, this is the stand with crypto portion where we collect. We'll have a landing page. It's just not, it's just not currently merged to dev box, but we'll, we'll basically showcase every single politician that we have data on through stand with crypto and their outlook based on their tweets, based on their voting history in Congress. On crypto bills. So this is a major part of this whole calculation and how we're estimating the impact with the elections. Yeah, the video support. So think like shorts that we could put, which are, you know, breaking or talking about a story that's, that's, that's viral or anything breaking in the election cycle. It could be posted here. So, you know, hope go full screen. Stuff like that. So, yeah, and that's, that's it for now. So that's basically our, our V1 of this foundation. And then, and. Then in a month or so, we'll have a main hero, hero image leading with the voting block index. Happy to answer any questions if there are on this. Yeah. So the next thing that's also currently in the works is our sponsored campus course. I'm sure many people have heard of these three, the combination of these three words. Sponsored campus courses. Are going to be this sort of like organic funnel. For campus to sort of no longer just have, like, these campus ads on that go and try to, try to sell the product that way. We're going to try to actually provide content through which. Campus could natively, you know, appear in people in people's faces with the one-on-one and 201 courses for purchase. So this partnership with poly market will. We're delivering a sponsored course on prediction markets. And this is sort of our, like, first attempt at this. It's a, you know, 15 to half an hour length of content that people can just sort of go through in one sitting. And it really will test. It'll be like a, you know, a test for us to see if it has, you know, legs and if we could potentially open this up as a, as a huge opportunity, you know, to reach out to other companies, blockchain companies, crypto companies that sell specific services and goods. So, yeah, the, the course itself, it's been obviously a collaboration between research, poly market. Many people had their hands on it. So, David as well was the main person who's putting it together. And we have the course material ready to be looked at. It's, I think in a polished state already. It's been reviewed. But if, if anybody from the team would like to lay their, lay their eyes on it beforehand before it goes live. Would definitely be happy to provide you the link so I could just demo it right now and show you what it will sort of look like. This is obviously not. Not what it's going to look like on that call or campus, but it's just the content itself, which will be embedded into the. Campus ecosystem. So. You know, some this, this essentially is like. A page or, or. Yeah, for lack of a better word on a page that will appear on the campus. Hub and you'll be able to start a course in this one sort of. Environment. And, yeah, essentially, you're just going through. This whole course in a very interactive way. I think that's what's sort of the key differentiator here is that it's no longer like just a video that you have to press and you sort of, you know, just staring at the screen. Of all the information is being talked at you. It gets, it's, it's pretty cool with a lot of, like, interactive moments as well as graphs that you can play with and see how, you know, production Market data is formed, how the, how the, how the probabilities shift, etc. Etc. So, yeah, you have to finish all of these. Modules to be able to get a reward that I think poly market is signing up. To distribute. And, Josh, I think you have a. Comment or question. Yeah. So, so I'm just asking, this is the first course then I think that campus will see that was built in articulate storyline. And, David, our, our great instructional designer educational designer did, did I did this? And I believe this is the first course, like you said, that is interactive and built through articulate storyline. Yes. Yeah. This is the first for into this. Game. And another thing about this, correct me if I'm wrong, is that right now, in order to create a campus account, users basically have to pay us, whether that's through a salesperson or through the self serve checkout, you know, stripe checkout. But this is different because basically poly market is kind of unlocked it. So you can think of how we have these research unlocks. You know, this is kind of almost like an unlocked bit of research. But, but it's kind of spun in the form of like this interactive course. And so it's basically, it's been unlocked. So what's cool is users will have to create a campus account to take this, but they didn't actually have to pay us anything because essentially poly market paid us for them, so. And now they have a campus account, right? And they're kind of in the ecosystem. So it is, it is definitely, I think, a unique approach compared to the way we've been trying to do things up to this point. Yeah, that's the right way to think about it, josh. It's, it also is our first foray into exploring a unified login strategy, a unified profile for all of the block ecosystem. We're, we're not there yet, but we're, we're working on the back end for it to have so that a person can have a single profile across all the platforms. But yes, to answer the specific comment, you won't need to pay for, for this. And this has actually been beneficial for campus because by allowing users to authenticate either through Twitter or through, you know, Creating a free profile on campus, when they're finished with this course, they can just land on the multi course dashboard and get sort of, you know, get, get in front of the 101 and 201 and any other electives that we would like to launch later on. So it's sort of like a win-win situation. So, yeah, it's a, it's a new funnel for us to usher people from that goal, from the homepage where this model, this component will be listed, as well as in articles as well. Yeah. Just one, one comment for me. I think in addition to everything you guys just mentioned, one of the products that I am most excited about in the sense that typically when we're selling content media, what we provide to clients is page views, impressions based and things like that. With poly market, when someone finishes, hey, they're going to get 10 bucks, for example, funded in their poly market account. So it drives the actual conversions and users to our clients in addition to the visibility that taking this course itself provides. Another example is we're, we're chatting with figure markets, so they're big into the rwa space. They have a crypto back home loan and heloc program as well. So we're talking about take a figure course. And this was Steven's idea. Finished the course. You'll either get a rebate on a heloc product and or you'll receive a reduction in basis points for the loan itself. So I think we can really get creative with clients across many different sectors of the web 3 space in terms of what can we offer and then what can they offer once a specific course is completed. Well, so the, the opportunities here are endless. I've seen, like, we have, for example, free feedback forms on men on all of our articles and I've been monitoring the info that comes in here and that comes in there. In addition to all the spam and AI answers, we get some organic legit things that people ask for, and they, some of them do ask for, like, tutorials on how to use stuff. So think about, I don't know, if you're some wallet provider and you want. To, like, convert some users and, like, show them how to set up a wallet, how private keys work, how, you know, that whole thing, it's, it's a great user acquisition funnel. So, yeah, that opportunities are definitely here. So excited for this. For this opportunity and through campus. And again, great work by the research team and David and sort of. Putting this together. All right, cool. So some quick revenue updates. Strong start to 2026. So as we look at where we were in 2025, we are at about 44% of total bookings already in 2026. Compared to that 2025 number in terms of being on track for our gold this year. We are on pace. Some key priorities. So we continue from a sales team standpoint focus on how do we precisely bundle products and potentially services to our clients to really understanding their objectives and then thinking critically and providing custom, quote unquote solutions to our clients as opposed to, again, being less transactional and trying to push the basics. The foundation for such bundles is typically centered around all of the things that gareth mentioned. So the rich media elements and then on the research side as well. So some of our lower margin, but more high value products to clients and then bundling that with some of our high margin products. So we think about newsletters pods, etc. From, from just an overall market. There is there is certainly a minor impact in terms of clients being in a bear market, you know, cutting budgets and things like that. And I think we've seen some of that over the last couple of weeks. However, I'm constantly having conversations with agencies in the space, PR firms, and that is in terms of, like, for example, PR volume. That is one of the earliest indicators that I've seen over the last three years that speaks to where the market is going. And we're seeing things really pick up over the last two to three weeks, which is good news as we move into Q2. We hope from a hiring standpoint. So we're still growing the sales team by the end of April. We'll have two new senior sales reps. They'll focus both on sponsorships, but also on potential pro new seats as well as how do we continue to push campus, both from a sponsored core standpoint and then having the, the more enterprise level conversations. You know, is there something bigger there with campus and we're going to begin really kind of hitting the market from that standpoint? We've revised our pitching and how we're thinking about proposals. I think one of the biggest things is how we are positioning our products in the marketplace. And I think this is important. So instead of going to a client and say, hey, do this press release or do this research report, you're going to get 50,000 views on it. It's thinking just very slightly flipping the script in the sense that you work with us, you are going to hit vps at different funds. You're going to hit, you know, high level institutions from a banking standpoint. So better highlighting the high caliber audience that we have. And if clients work with us, who are they, who are they going to get exposure to, as opposed to focusing just purely on those numbers? And I think we've seen some success with that, especially in some recent proposals. Lots of new products in the market. We're continuing to just think, have conversations with clients, understand where the demand is, some highlights there is in collaboration with Steven and the research team. We have some refined research offerings which give clients with not such a large budget the opportunity to work with us through what we're calling research primers. So they're quick hitting articles, two to three pages. I think the, the next thing that we're, we're pushing, and I know a lot of you saw some of my messages yesterday and revolves around, is around geo. So how do we push out content that is optimized for AI search? You know, whether this is we use this as a marketing and positioning tactic, or is there something larger there we can actually move the needle for clients to improve their positioning when they do, in fact, work with us from a search standpoint? Super excited about all of the different multimedia products. So we'll be spending a ton of time on all of the different new monetization opportunities across all of the different products. Main priority right now, as gareth mentioned, is the starting block. So the new live show onboarding a seed slash title sponsor big name. We're talking like the circles, the coinbase is of the world here. But then there's a number of other monetization opportunities as a result. So super excited about this. And then just from more of an operational and tactical standpoint, focusing more heavily on inbound flow. So, you know, how can we make it as simple as possible for our clients to sponsor a newsletter? And it could be something as easy as just including a CTA on the newsletter itself, as opposed to clients going to the website, clicking advertise with us, filling out a form. So really kind of just spending more time in the very beginning of q1, how do we enhance that onboarding process and limit the number of steps that it takes a client to begin to then reach out to us. So I could talk about this all day if you guys have questions, just let me know. Thanks, chef. We have a people up some bit. Well, here comes the fun part, right? For me to come in and kill the positivity we have been building since the beginning of this call, but it's a perk that came with the role. Okay, thanks, larry. Well, so I have three topics here. The first one is external engagement. So this is just like a reminder. If you have currently external engagement or you may be planning on doing something like that and you're not sure if there is a conflict interest or you're not sure if that's the right thing to do. The best practice is always, first of all, have a discussion with the manager and you can reach out to me as well and we can, you know, have a conversation and together give some guidance, I hope. And this is a good measure just in case, you know, we can avoid unnecessary conversations down the road. The second topic is PTO tracking. So PTO ease are benefits, right? And in many ways it's our earned entitlement. So when you take, and first of all, I encourage in the leadership team encourage everyone to take the time off to reset and to enjoy the time with, you know, families or friends or simply by yourself. But when you do the, when you plan to take off, first of all, have a discussion with your manager, making sure there's a proper handoff or backup with the work and also secondly, please making sure that you record the PTO in, in the system. And for majority of us, you know, please go to rippling time off guard to record the time off. And the, the third topic is the skip management. And this is a place I would like to talk a little bit more. We are a remote company. We have a lot of one-on-ones just to stay connected, to remove silos, which is wonderful. And we are also a very open and flat organization. Right. So anyone can, you know, talk to the CEO, to the president, no matter what your role or what your level is. So that's the culture we treasure and want to continue to keep. However, if there are informal discussions about promotions or, you know, one-time bonus payment or any type of payment or possible promotion, that, you know, that kind of conversation, either with your manager or your skip level are considered developmental and exploratory conversations. Because right now we have the offsite performance management cycles. Right. And that's the approach that we have started and we wish continue to, to practice and improve and be more consistent around the, the promotions, raises and Etc. So in and all the informal discussion between, you know, you manage or even what you, particularly when you skip your manager and talk to the skip level is informal and nothing should be considered promises without the formal approval for me. And the CEO. So continue to encourage you to have this type of, you know, one-on-ones but please keep in mind that if you bypass your manager to have either like, you know, the, the points I just mentioned above or significant changes to the business strategy to your skip level, please making sure that you do not bypass your manager. Right to, you know, avoid any down, you know, confusion or miscommunication down the road. If you have any additional questions or comments, feel free to reach a back out to me after the hands. All right. Thank you. And now we have time for questions if there are any. So I'll wait if, I don't know, 30 seconds or something. You can ask in chat or you can raise your hand and ask whatever you want. See you candidates or revenue, any sort of questions you guys have. We have 10 minutes left. So. Yeah, I'm gonna raise my hands up. Yeah. Here we go. So I have raced in my ideas in terms of a geological generative organization in terms of the new package. And so this is going to be quite internal. So what I found from my research is that it's actually quite impossible to find a very, very clear metrics in terms of the large model, a large language models internally to figure out the mattress to evaluate. However, I found that our result seems to be appear very often in our results in terms of if you search, how can I boost my geo results in large language models and the block seems to be very top of the results. So I think this is something that I want to mention because it being frequently mentioned within the models and also within the channels of the revenue all and also beyond. So I just want to mention that and also have a booking with many of you guys next Monday. I just want to mention that it's very, it's almost impossible to have a very clear matrix to mention or including I've done research of external. Terminals in terms of similar reps and Semrush. It is very hard to find a very clear matrix. But I think this is the right time for us if we can move fast because I have a lot of requests from exchanges to ask about our GEO results and the things that we can put up with several packages. So I will put like a package for the revenue team and also sales team to sell our revenue and increase the revenue in that sense. However, I think we have to move very fast. I've already mentioned to Jeffrey in terms of this and also mentioned to all to this aspect. But I think I just have to kind of remind everybody in terms of the urgency. In fact, I also think it might be necessary for us to like, I don't think it would be an issue if we have an external party to have a GEO consultant like for the GEO because a lot of exchanges are actually hiring people externally for the GEO consultants results and solutions for this. But I just want to remind everyone from sub urgency because a lot of our like clients who is asking for this however I know this is very new. It requires a lot of results. And research in terms of this. But I think this is going to be a new way of we moving forward in terms of AI direction. Yeah, I just want to talk about this. Thanks, Coco. Yeah, well, it is something that we considered and then we'll, we'll take seriously for sure. Yeah, but like, I just want to also mention that it's not just about what we write about, but also because we're already appearing as a result. If you search as a founder of a crypto founder, say what we can do in terms of boosting or GEO method, the block name is actually already appear in the results of the llm models. So I would say we have done a really good job in terms of this. At the same time, I think we should also be sharing about it. Not in a bad way, but also selling it like as a product and making more seen by our clients. But I think right now we're too humble about this. Because I don't think people are realize how great we are. That is why I collaborate with the model and also package of it. And I think we should definitely be selling about it. And I think right now we're kind of struggling about how we can measuring the metrics. But since I've done the research today, it is really a black box of how we can measure those. I think it's really the time we should kind of like dive in more. And Larry, I think this is the time I should mention about, like, how the block as a institution should more move more towards to AI direction in terms of SEO by itself, because I also talked to Corey about SEO is definitely one of the very important mentions or dimensions that we have been caring about so much. But right now it is the time that we should care about GEO a little bit more. Yeah. I just want to mention how important it is as the whole industry is moving direction to GEO overall. Thanks, Coco. You're welcome. All right. Any other questions? All right. Thanks, everyone, for joining. If, if you have any questions you want to ask me, send me a message on slack. Thanks, everyone. Thanks, guys. Bye, everyone.

### You (2026-03-26T16:25:58.883Z)

Hey, guys.

