---
type: daily
date: 2026-03-01
energy-peak: 11 AM
mood: Happy and content. Feeling productive
---
# 2026-03-01

## Morning Focus (Manual — <2 min)

- [ ] Rent a Car or Van
- [ ] Change perplexity and Claude to be focused on AI fluency. Or maybe perplexity is focused on research and PM work along with AI fluency
- [ ] Interactive Claude code sandbox that shows you how each hook and skill works - perplexity computer
- [ ] Email Dr Kat
- [ ] Turn Off Verizon Bill for March move
- [ ] Learn more about obsidian and how to use
- [ ] Build out UI’s — Either separate UI’s for Finance and health or one put all together. I’m thinking the one pout together a personal profile/local profile through netlify 
- [ ] Build out agent SDK
- [ ] Build creative writing skill for tech -> jack karouac writes about ai - have Claude code interview you and do writing exercises for emails and creative technical writing to understand what you want and provide context
- [ ] Set up Claude Cowork with personal PM plug ins
- [ ] Look into how you can get GA4 into sheets - eventually ask Cesar for permission to use MCP
- [ ] Test out PRD>prototype generator
- [ ] Do deep research on ways to get your Apple Watch Fitness app data onto your Mac Mini
- [ ] Move any subscriptions from credit card over to 115 Elm.

**Focus:**

## Tasks
```dataview
TASK FROM "20_projects"
WHERE status = "active" AND !completed
SORT file.name ASC
```

## Work Log
<!-- jira-log -->

## Claude Code Sessions
<!-- claude-sessions -->

## Side Project Notes
<!-- side-projects -->

## Evening Reflection (Manual — <2 min)
> What worked? What didn't? Carry forward?

**Win:** I knocked off multiple things on my to-do list. Slowly building out and personalizing my Claude Code super user project. 
**Lesson:** Patience. It all takes time.
**Carry forward:** Keep having Claude Code interview you for a lot of your future work. Don't hold back or skip any details you feel would be beneficial for your future.
